ComboExperimentalFun
Draw tons of cards with Engineering Brilliance and then pull the tokens off with the Speeder Truck.

Rebel Alliance




1 Alderaan's Promise
1 Command and Control (Evasive Maneuvers 152-1)
1 Commando Operations
2 Engineering the Future (Redemption and Return 213-1)
1 Explosives Artist (Ancient Rivals 232-1)
1 Mission to Talay (Galactic Ambitions 226-1)
1 On the Run (Power of the Force 253-1)
1 The Defense of Cloud City
1 Turning the Tide (So Be It 201-1)

Deck idea that's been floating in my head since Blissex dropped, but has renewed interest with BoShek being in the mix.

The goal of the deck is to have as many 3+ cost units with resources. This has two functions. First; it makes it easier to ramp. Units with resources on them have an effective discount because you can tap them for resources the same turn they are played. Second, they allow you to pull off the big combo later on.

The Combo:
You can only ever pull this off when your board has swelled up sufficiently. You use all your living resources to play stuff from your hand. Hopefully you are exhausting at least 4 rebel affiliated characters in the process. But you want to tap down as many dudes as you can. Then you play Engineering Brilliance to draw at least 6 cards. Then you play the A-A5 Heavy Speeder Truck to pull off of all your rebel characters. From there you use your massive board and massive edge hand to lay waste(Ackbar's mission and/or Lobot's text should help a lot here).

A case can be made to add Kanan, Chirpa, DJ C3PO, or double up on pods like Mon Mothma or BoShek......fair suggestions. Seeing as how this deck wants to build wide boards I felt it best to play as many 1 pods as possible.

Given the state of DS this deck can only go so far in all honesty. You have to already have a board in order for this to work and right now it's incredibly hard to build a board without being in a position where you are dead in one turn by the time your board is ready. But given that you should be able to play two guys per turn and your team is MoT proof, there is reasonable hope that you can get this combo to go off.