AggroCombo
Ten Targets of Opportunity + Lots of Card Draw + Spark

Rebel Alliance




2 Against All Odds (Lure of the Dark Side 103-1)
1 Commando Raid (Between the Shadows 132-1)
2 Fortune and Fate (Imperial Entanglements 173-1)
1 Hit and Run
2 Renegade Squadron Mobilization
2 Spark of Rebellion (Galactic Ambitions 229-1)

Tired of DLOTS bogging you down? Want to one-shot those Navy objectives? Mains getting captured by Scum? Never fear, DecaTarget*(c) is here! Turn any chud into a winner with three or four targets in hand. Page and his commandos keep these fates coming back for more use. The Secret Informant will double all their effectiveness as well. Lay on the blast damage with surprising speed. Watch your opponent's face turn into anguished shock as you flip several targets in edge for the win. Seriously, folks, you will not be without a hope when playing this deck. Spark, Echo Caverns, Holding All the Cards, and many other tricks will keep you in the game. DS might wipe your board, but they can't wipe that knowing smile of confidence off your face. With 10 targets and massive card draw you're always within reach of that third objective. 

This is a blast to play (pun intended). Every objective in this deck has a positive role to play. There are a whole lot of triggers to remember, but it keeps the game very interesting. Cloud City Technicians are awesome. When they hit the discard from the edge battle, you draw into all sorts of good cards, and often you're just sparking them into play for free. There are 17 sparkable units in this deck (1/3 of your cards) and plenty of ways to move top card. There are not a ton of resources, but only two 5-cost cards. The main idea is to establish a board first turn and then start attacking with chuds + targets. Maximize Page and his crew and the Secret informant to make those 10 targets feel like 15-20 targets. 

This deck does not always get through. It suffers from a lack of tactics. You'll have to maximize those 36 guns to help control the board through hard removal. You can get locked out of Smug, but there are few cards that rely on yellow resources and most of them are good edge. 

This deck hates... and I mean HATES DS twists. Otherwise, enjoy the feeling of 3, 4 or 5 targets in your edge hand. 
