AggroTournament Quality
Stepping in front of this will cost you dearly.

Rebel Alliance




1 Along the Gamor Run
2 Asteroid Sanctuary (Edge of Darkness 72-1)
2 Explosives Artist (Ancient Rivals 232-1)
2 May the Force Be With You (Join Us or Die 112-1)
2 Running the Trench (Attack Run 157-1)
1 Watchers in the Wasteland (Balance of the Force 91-1)

Games are won and lost with this deck on the flop. Your hand needs to match the flop you end up with or it's simply not going to click. People who get nervous about mulligans or who don't like to mess around with resource match need not try this deck.

Ideal flops:
Unlike most decks, this deck doesn't have a clear hierarchy on objectives. Here, what you're looking for is objective flop texture. The value of each objective is changed based on the other objectives you have. The most important objective in the deck is Running the Trench. But it can only be played in certain situations. Running the Trench can only be played if you also flop Explosives artist or if you flop both a brown and a yellow resource. With that said; against Scum Running the Trench is only playable if you have Explosives artist and a yellow resource. Why Yellow? Because the decks really needs the smuggler resource match wheras it can get by really easily without the Jedi resource match. The threat of Shadows of the Empire make getting two smuggler resources priority number 1. But other wise you just want to be able to get the double resource and still be able to resource match for the other two factions.

In the cases where playing Running the Trench is not a feasible option, look for your force lock objectives. Gamor and MTFBWY become priorities, and Explosives Artist loses a lot of value of not paired with Running the Trench. Asteroid Sanctuary becomes a more important objective in those scenarios.  Watchers should only ever be played if you have literally no other way to get a brown resource.......and even then you should think about dumping it.

Opening turn: 
Since you will have Running the Trench in your opening flop about 60% of the time(a little lower than the max since sometimes playing it is not a reasonable option) we will look at situations where you have the objective. Here's what you want in your hand.
- Falcon plus a main unit(Yoda, Luke, Sabine, and Obiwan are acceptable here) and a resource(if possible).
- Sabine plus a 3 drop(Red Five, Yoda, YYSY are acceptable) and a resource.
Not having a resource in you opening hand isn't the end of the world if you have Sabine. But no Sabine and no resource means you need to mulligan. The only exception to this is if you also have a wolfman opening hand that can easily be added to the board for free. You can get away with sacrificing tempo there. This deck isn't meant to settle. It's meant to dominate. If a hand doesn't dominate, try again for a better one. Note that if you have Sabine's objective and land one of your ideal hands sans Sabine you can usually keep it since you will get to search the top 10 cards for Sabine. In other words: Falcon plus a resource with Sabine's objective is a keepable hand. But just Falcon with Sabine's objective is a no go. The deck can do better.

For flops without Running the Trench; you gotta play the slow game. You want Yoda and you want a resource. Seeing as how the only card Sabine is playable with turn 1 is YYSY, she no longer becomes a priority. And neither does her objective. You gotta take the force, look to keep it, and build to where you can get the Falcon out every turn starting turn two or three at the latest. Seeing as how Falcon and Obiwan become liabilities in this setup, you want to hard mulligan for resources. Only in the cases of exceptionally strong openings should keeping a hand without a true resource be kept. Examples of such hands are:
YYSY+Sabine
Yoda/YYSY+Nudj+Hired Hand
Yoda/YYSY/Luke/Maurader(provided you can get one trigger at least)/Red Five+Wolfman+Nudj+Gamor Run

It may seem daunting at first, but with a little practice learning what objectives to keep and what cards you want in your opening hand become second nature.

Why is this deck good? It puts opponents in really tough positions. There's 3 units in the deck that opponents rarely want to be blocking in Falcon/Yoda/Red Five. Toss in the fact that I Have You Now is in the deck and people really don't want to block. Early game Sabine is great because you can get her on the board for 2 net mana. But later on she has two blast and pumps up your other units at action speed making Falcon and Red Five even worse conundrums for opponents.

When it comes to edge, the deck has 87 pips plus two twists, two seeds, one Supporting fire, and two Wolfmen. It also has enough targets for R2D2's shielding to matter. You really don't want to step on front of this deck when it attacks.

Weaknesses: The deck doesn't have a ton of resources which is why you need to be an aggressive mulligan-er to properly play this deck. It's also easy to fall in love with potential combos (IHYN, Well Equipped, Bamboozle, Sabine's text) that you can get caught not using them the first chance you get or find yourself holding cards when the deck is built to cycle through the deck. Also, not having any redirect effects make Navy a bit of a problematic matchup. With that said, Navy has the weakest edge, worst force holders, and some of the whimpiest blockers among tier 1 DS decks which enables this deck to do what it does best. Just know that the clock is ticking if Enforced Loyalty is out there. Snoova isn't really a big deal because he can only realistically kill Yoda and the Marauder. Everyone else is either in faction or will be out of play(Falcon). Also, you can always custom paint job your affiliation card for protection. But that card is generally best used as an edge card unless you need it for resource match purposes.

Give the deck a try and see if it works for your playstyle.