Experimental
Building a Jedi deck around The Forgotten masters and maximizing the number of force users.

Jedi




1 Following Fate (Between the Shadows 129-1)
2 Forgotten Heroes
2 May the Force Be With You (Join Us or Die 112-1)
2 Self Preservation
1 The Flight of the Crow (Knowledge and Defense 107-1)
2 The Forgotten Masters (Jump to Lightspeed 166-1)

This deck plays more as a rush than control deck, with the aim being to use characters such as the Gotal Outcast and Lost Masters for cheap blast damage.

With the large number of cheap forces user, starting with a copy (or even two) of Forgotten Heroes can give a great cards advantage.

In addition to the usual tactics icons, this deck have access to great control tools through cards such as Jedi Mind Trick and Noble Sacrifice. The latter is great with the Lost Masters who can chump attack, get double focused, and then sacrificed without any great issue.

Flight of the Crow is a set that is of mixed value in the deck. The main advantage is using the Moldy Crow to kill off DS objectives in one shot, especially with Navy having the ability to shift the damage back to you. With some tactics and the use of control events, it should be possible to get the Moldy Crow to do unopposed attacks.

Another variant is to replace one set of Self Preservation with Mysteries of the Rim, making the deck less reliant on keeping the force if you don't have The Forgotten Master out, and instead getting a better matchup against tactics heavy decks, Thrawn or similar control cards.

// Been using a similar deck as my "Jedi-B", with Master's Domain instead of MTF, Works well.

As amazing as Soresu is, I found 2 Self Preservation was too much. I'd go that Mystics route or include 1 Hero's Beginning to make the big units more playable.


//
I also switched to masters yoda in my version.  I ran 2 self preservations for a long time but recently cut it to 1.  I have the mystics as well.  While crow is a good pod, it doesn't exactly fit this deck other than just a heavy hitter.  Heres my version compared to yours.  I've recently gone to 11 pods in mine.

 

2 mtfbwy                  2 masters domain

2 core obi                 2 core obi

1 follow fate              1 follow fate

2 self pres                1 self pres

2 forgotten masters  2 forgotten masters

1 crow                      1 mysteries of the rim

                                   2 core luke
