ControlFun
Said Seagulls gonna come! Poke me in the coconut! And they did! And they did!
Jedi




2 A Hero's Journey
1 A Journey to Dagobah
1 Journey Through the Swamp
1 The Flight of the Crow
2 The Master's Domain (Between the Shadows 128-1)
1 The Secret of Yavin 4
2 Ties of Blood

This is a traditional "Force Lock" style deck, in which the Light Side player attempts to control the Force and wait out the Dark Side player while they plink a damage or two on a turn using the Force and Ties of Blood's cards. It can be very nerve wracking to let damage through from the Dark Side early, but this is definitely the correct play. Sit back, hold that Force, and build up a control board. Master's Domain Yoda is awesome at this. You're not really interested in getting into an edge battle, so Yoda should be used as a tool to open up an alpha strike at the end of the game if you're going to be committing him to combat. Otherwise, he just sits back, sings about seagulls pecking his head, and holds the Force.

This deck is a little unique in that it was inspired by the Bad Lip Reading hit song, "Seagulls, Stop it Now!" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E

There's a pair of Jubba Birds, as well as Moldy Crow and Red 5 in the deck to play the parts of the Seagulls poking the Dark Side player in the head with control aspects and blast damage.

More importantly, Leia and Yoda make it so that the Dark Side player must leave some openings in the defenses that allow Luke and the ships to come in and do some impressive damage on top of the damage being inflicted by Leia and Yoda's control of the Force. Generally you want to attack or block with your chuds and ditch your hand ASAP to get Yoda and Leia on the table quickly, then just hold on until one of the beaters comes out to finish the game off. 

Double Strike and Size Matters Not are both great cards that allow you to surprise double-strike with Luke, which can really ruin the Dark Side player's day. This isn't to mention Trust Your Feelings, one of the top Jedi enhancements for smacking down the forces of Darkness.

I've only had the chance to play this particular deck a couple of times, but it's been fun in both cases, and has somehow managed to pull off wins! (First turn Leias in both games certainly helped. You definitely want her or Yoda in your opening hand. Luke can be tossed back. You want to get control of the Force as soon as you can, and that's not Luke's bag.)