ComboControlTheme
A deck built to take advantage of the Specter synergies, and two important Rebel leaders, Hera Syndulla and Mon Mothma!

Rebel Alliance




2 Explosives Artist (Ancient Rivals 232-1)
2 Haunting the Empire (Power of the Force 252-1)
2 Mission to Talay (Galactic Ambitions 226-1)
2 Stand Together (Power of the Force 251-1)
2 The Last Warrior (A Wretched Hive 237-1)

So, it turns out the Specters are good!

They come equipped with card draw, resources, targeted strike, action cancel, high-value edge cards, and on-demand access to tactics and edge.  The only problem is that, like in the TV show, they are way better together, so it's much better to take your lumps and build a board state. 

Once that board state is built though, oh man does it work! I'm still torn on who is best to grab with Explosives Artist (assuming maximum choice, just for fun!). Zeb can put instant pressure on the opponent, Sabine gives you a resource, and combat icon flexibility, and Ezra gives your opponent combat headaches. However, I'm thinking Hera is your best bet. She makes all of the Specters (including herself) pseudo-Elite, which means she can try to grab the Force, defend with her tactics icon, and be ready for the next turn. She also makes Zeb's targeted strike in later turns much scarier, and activates your Leader abilities that are a part of the second piece to this deck.

I went with Mon Mothma instead of Kanan Jarrus because I wanted to have more access to Rebel cards to take advantage of the tactics icon offered by Sabine, as well as the Ghost's ability to cancel. As an added bonus, Inspiring Presence allows you to turn Haunting the Empire or Mission to Talay into elite two-resource objectives, while IP and Concussion Rifle both serve as ways to activate Well Equipped. These can all be taken advantage of by your ability to track down Hera from the top 10 cards of your deck, if she's in there. Grab her!

Mon Mothma also comes with the Rebel Kyle Katarn, an excellent unit in his own right. Kyle has two unit damage Targeted Strike, and gives you the defender's advantage while attacking. This, coupled with Sabine, can improve your chances to lock down a pesky defender, while killing off another. Like Zeb, Kyle can take advantage of the Bo-Rifle to kill off most dark-side characters. Mothma also gives you access to Rebel for Hire, allowing you to use Hera to fish for the Ghost, a huge play. 

Having Mon Mothma give Hera and the Specters their marching orders, while sending Kyle in as backup, is great fun. I highly recommend this deck for your next game night.