Opening Hand:
1x Demandred
1x Children’s Crusade [Starting Advantage]
1x Charismatic Leader
1x Geofram Bornhald
1x Into the Fight

Advantages (3)
1x Compulsion
1x The Art of Intrigue
1x Circle of Light

Challenges (11)
1x Cut Supply Lines
1x Invasion
3x Political Prisoner
1x Search and Destroy
3x Shattered Dreams
1x Stalemate
1x Weaken Support

Characters (14)
3x Child of the Light
1x Dain Bornhald
1x Eamon Valda
1x Galad
1x Jaret Byar
1x Omerna
2x Pedron Niall
1x Questioner
1x Rhadam Asunawa
1x Sebban Balwer
1x Whitecloak Spy

Events (16)
3x Connections
1x Defensive Measures
1x Guarded by Fate
2x Lucky Find
3x Shades of Grey
3x The Light Illumine
3x Twists in the Pattern

Troops (12)
3x Army of the Light
3x Half Legion
1x Legion
2x Light Brigade
3x Patrol

Demandred seems a case of power creep. With Forsaken specific character advantages, was always possible to power up weaker ones. Because it was still unclear what was going on with Demandred in the books when this got made, he didn’t get a Dark Disguises target (that I recall), which is why you don’t see Dark Disguises in the opening hand.

Speaking of the opening hand, I’m not sure what it was. I was using this deck for playtesting Traveller and mixed the opening hand in with the rest of the deck. Into the Fight is usually going to be either 3x or be in the OH. Geofram Bornhald shows up in opening hands for a reason – he sets up annoying challenges, whether stuff like Genocide or stuff like what’s here.

So, I see Incite Rebellion in many of these decks. I had to realize that it was a proxy for Invasion since Invasion is broken, but what confuses me is that Incite Rebellion is actually really annoying and would fit a deck like this.

So, why do Children of the Light go with so many challenges (besides Geofram Bornhald)? Children of the Light decks are really different in that they want to encourage more neutral Pattern tokens as Circle of Light gives you a bonus in the Last Battle based on that. Besides the obvious Twists in the Pattern, which also can screw your opponent, … CotL are all about griefing your opponent rather than propping yourself up. Shades of Grey is another case of just griefing your opponent as much as possible.

I’m going to do all of us a disservice. I should go hunt playtest comments for Whitecloak Spy as it was superbroken in playtesting. If you wonder why it has so many restrictions, it was because it was just heinous before the nerf hammer.

Why isn’t Pedron Niall in the OH? Light might be playing CotL and could recruit him first, though I mention the possibility you could get around this above. He’s just absurdly expensive, but this is a challenge spam deck to grief the opponent as much as possible, so Geofram is more broken.

Remember, WoT CCG is all about broken fighting broken.

So, one of the things about the game is that we knew more than most people in the world because we were such dedicated playtesters. At the same time, I’ve learned some things in the last 20 years. One concept that I don’t think we embraced that much, though Bill may have embraced it without articulating it that clearly to Dave and me, is that cards with bigger numbers can be bigger than cards with better fit. I look at some of the weenies and know they get pumped by Children’s Crusade but still think about how, maybe not for this deck but in general, playing big dice dudes out of allegiance are just better than weefolk. Now, I did do that sort of thing with High Lord Meilan in various decks, so I sort of understood it to some degree.
