Opening Hand:
1x Mat Cauthon [signed!]
1x Lay of the Land [Starting Advantage]
1x The Dying Ground [from Lay of the Land]
1x Leader of Nations
1x Genocide
1x Geofram Bornhald

Advantages (16)
3x Battle Hardened
3x Lines of Support
1x Ashandarei
1x The Art of Intrigue
1x A New Empire
1x Dragonmount [mistake? proxy? rule I forgot?]
1x Momentum
1x The City of Illian
3x Illian
1x The Ta’veren

Challenges (6)
3x Shattered Dreams
3x Stalemate

Characters (6)
3x Ishamael [!!]
3x Rahvin [!!]

Events (14)
2x Decisive Tactics
3x Guarded by Fate
1x Overrun
3x Strong Loyalties
2x The Dying Ground
3x The Wheel Weaves

Troops (13)
3x Illian Lancers
3x Illian Spearmen
3x Illian Tall Ships
1x Illian Traders
3x War Galleys

Of course I have two Illian troop decks built at the same time. I’m all about variations on themes. This one is very, very different though. Which is cool – CCGs should have different strategies!

This is all about using speed to slow the game down. Mat is fearless in this deck, just running into whatever challenges where I don’t think he can participate in challenges with any other character in this deck.

Not like this deck can recruit either one of the Forsaken. Yup, 3x recruitable Rahvin in every deck to just search out other recruitable Forsaken you may only just discard for some effect. 3x Rahvin for 3x Asmodean was a play in some deck I built.

So, there aren’t any CCG forums anymore that I’m aware of. I think the main ones were on dragonmount.com, but they seem gone and I don’t know how to access my old account. I do remember reading someone’s comment, probably in response to a deck or module I posted, about how “Who has [owns] three [recruitable] Rahvin?!?” or whatever and my thought was ‘I have 3x Rahvin in two different decks, one of them Light.’ because two things about this reality – one, people will sink money into anything, no matter how esoteric; two, I may not care about owning houses, cars, electronics, tools, private islands [wait, no, I do want to own private islands], but I care a lot about owning collectible game components for games I play.

Anyway, back to this deck. Try to suppress everyone’s recruiting as much as possible by just spamming challenges that prevent recruiting over and over again with the usual Geofram engine. While this isn’t a Genocide.dec deck, get the suppression rolling with good ole Genocide.

I was looking at WoT cards on eBay and came across an auction for Insane Designer, a test card that was sort of promotional. It was signed by Mike Hummel, who wasn’t an artist but the game manager and one of the designers (eventually). I was looking at the pictures posted in the auction when I saw the last one, where a Scrye Magazine article described a tournament and a winning deck where this card was won at. … An article I wrote … Maidens …

