This is the deck that I've been working on since the Wars spoiler released.
At the two First Tournament Weekend events that I played in, it carried me to
two victories, going 8-0. Now I'd like to share it with you. So, without further
ado…
1 Alnak Station/Captured Base (Starting)
1 Alnak Station/Hallway
1 Alnak Station/Launch Bay
2 Pallas/Asteroid Stronghold
1 Gongen/Pilgrim's Haven
1 Ganymede/Traginium Source
1 Ganymede/Vantage Point
3 Ganymede/Pilgrim's Camp
2 Expansion
1 Tamon
4 Tamon Fighter
1 Zocho
2 Zocho Fighter
4 Jikoku Fighter
3 Komoku Fighter
2 Taihu
2 Amorian Shipyard
2 Ikazuchi
2 Ikazuchi T.S.V.
2 Shikami
2 Shikami Follower
2 Higen Orochito
2 Plasma Cannon
2 NoBot Battle Sword
1 Junshi
3 Kulak
2 Sitka
3 Waylaid
1 Cloak of Fear
1 Chuluktika
2 Tunnels
Strategy
This is a reactive deck, which I love playing. It has very little in the way of
drain potential and, if left alone, will deploy a small force to space and leave
the ground undisturbed. Its strength lies in its massive energy generation,
and the devastating amounts of power it can deliver in a single turn. It is also
unmatched for longevity in space, and can go toe-to-toe with the heartiest
fleet of Shi quarrels. It is rounded out with some healthy retrieval, and a few
dirty tricks.
The first few turns with this deck are all about energy generation. Ideally you
should drop a Gongen support icon (SI) or two, put a ship down at Alnak
Station (if possible, a Tamon fighter to retrieve a just-played Expansion) and
immediately send it to your used pile to download an Alnak Station location.
Repeat as necessary until you are generating 12-16 energy every turn. After
that, sit back, relax, draw some cards, and wait for your opponent to give you
an opening.
When you are playing with this deck, it is important to view every opposing
unit as a gateway into your opponent's deck. If you have to take a drain or
two while you save up for a huge drop, don't worry…your retrieval will be
there late game. I've won a quarter of my games just by delivering 15-30
damage around the 6th turn. However, once you've dropped one big hit on
the ground, it is hard to repeat. At this point, your ground force will generally
dig in for a good drain, chasing your opponent around as necessary, and
wearing him down with attrition and weapon fire. An occasional Tunnels will
benefit you here as well, preventing weakened enemies from escaping you.
Against a dedicated space opponent, once again patience will be your ally.
Wait until you find at least one Amorian Shipyard and one Taihu. With these
cards on your side, your high-defense fighters can outlast anyone. A Taihu-
armed fighter can shoot down even massive ships like the Atlantis. More
common threats like the Zocho or Vatarva-Sudeva are no problem at all.
And on the subject of longevity: the Shikami Follower, combined with Higen
Orochito, makes for a hard-to-kill deck. You can also play Tamon Fighters
for retrieval and then immediately put them away with Alnak Station, only to
draw and play them again later. In fact, if you find yourself pinched for
energy late game you can put any or all of your space fleet away. Also, the
Quay Kizen will happily make themselves immune to attrition every turn if
you need to shrink your hand size, recycling high-destiny cards in the
process.
Finally, a note on rarity: while I was lucky enough to scrounge up 3 Kulaks
and 3 Waylaids for the deck, there are no more than 2 of any other rare.
Furthermore, none of the rares are key to the functionality of the deck. A
Zocho Fighter can replace a Komoku Fighter, a Taihu can replace an
Amorian Shipyard. More Plasma Cannons couldn't hurt your ground forces,
and the Shikami T.S.V.s are great. The real beauty of this deck is in the
energy generation and application of power.
I hope you have fun playing this deck, if you give it a try. If you should
happen to face it in a tournament, try not to leave your ground forces
understaffed, and don't fight it in space without some serious power and
weaponry (unless you can jump it before it has a chance to set up its tricks)