So here is a WARS TCG deck. You've seen some of these cards on the
website, some - you haven't seen. That's good, because it'll allow you to
speculate how the deck works some, if you haven't bought some cards
already! I'll admit, the first time I built it, I didn't know how it worked either.
Somehow it did, though, and I started to win with it (which was a needed ego
boost at the time as my previous two decks were bad. Really bad). The idea
started with using Mechanic's Grip to it's fullest potential. As I got into it, I
realized that this card was useful, but the deck was much stronger than that
one card. Let's take a look at the deck and talk about why and how this deck
works.
4 CISyn Retaliation
1 Atlantis
3 Horatio Hicks
1 Inca 2
1 Inca 1
2 Sidearm
3 Ace McAllister
4 Fifth Ace
2 Flinger Battery
3 Jack Wilgress
1 Modded Type IV
2 Nimble Jockey
2 Hawk's Wing
4 Mechanic's Grip
1 Price of the Game
1 Sultry Opportunist
2 The Gambler
4 Reload
3 Earther Bot
3 Maverick Bot
2 Expansion
3 Ganymede/Frontier Camp
3 Ganymede/Exploratory Camp
1 Earth/Humanity's Home
1 Ganymede/Core Shaft
1 Venus/Research Base
1 Ganymede/Vantage Point
1 Europa/Gambler's Hideaway
Future WARS TCG players will tell you that drawing high destiny consistently
is good. That's almost an understatement. It's not only good, but a well
played deck with consistently high destiny can roll through most opponents.
Not only do you clear your opponent's characters from a site, but the extra
power it gives can allow you to hold on against a superior force for much
longer than you should. So how to you make sure that you constantly draw
well? You can either 'track' your destinies through your deck by constantly
counting the cards in your deck and remembering where the high destiny
ones are, or you can use the tricks the Mavericks give you - like Fifth Ace.
Mavericks excel at manipulating destinies, by adding, subtracting, or simply
stacking card where you want them to be. They use this in a number of ways.
Whether it's just by drawing well without effort using gametext like The
Gambler's, retrieving with the Sultry Opportunist or just beating down with the
Nimble Jockey, Maverick take every advantage they can get.
So what does this deck do? It's basically a control deck. Many of the cards
allow you to place cards back into your Reserve somehow, allowing you to
draw lots of cards to get to what you need. The amount of extras of key
characters like Jack Wilgress allows you send them on suicide runs to clear
sites early in the game yet still have them for late game drain races. Jack
with a trusty Sidearm can hold a site all by himself. The contingent of Earther
cards in the deck provides you with some needed extra muscle, as well as
'stay alive' tricks like CISyn Retaliation. As your opponent plays the game,
watch what he does and respond to it. If you constantly hit him with Destinies
at 5, 6, or better, he won't be able to keep up with the units he's losing from
the table. You can beat him on his own ground. If he won't let you come to
him, you can use Hawk's Wing and Ganymede/Core Shaft to make him pay
for his avoidance.
You should use the first few turns to draw cards, play locations and get what
you need in your hand. Drop and recycle the bots if you don't need their
icons. Put cards back in your Reserve that you have more than one of or that
you don't need right away. Watch out if you draw more than 12 cards. You
don't want your setup hand destroyed by a well timed Overburdened. When
your opponent deploys a unit, hit him with all you've got. Keep hitting him
with high destiny after high destiny until he doesn't have the energy left to
fight!