Units (23)
4 Spineslinger
3 Lahrik
Arhnaknak
2 Luhus Mauler
2 Torrid Katal
4 Volt Scrounge
2 Flamecutter
2 Tahka Chuluk Squad
3 Quay Navigator
Ships (10)
2 Anakatika
4 Tahka Quarrel
3 Luhustika
Makaltika
Interrupts (10)
4 Revenge
4 Attack Plan
2 The Beckoning
Assets (9)
Extraction
3 Suppressed
3 Traginium Hoard
2 Prolonged Exposure
Locations (8)
Ganymede/Captured Refinery (1/1), starting
Ganymede/Subterranean Passage (1/1)
Ganymede/Abandoned Mine (2/2)
Ganymede/Unstable Ground (1/1)
Ganymede/Occupied Tunnels (2/1)
Ganymede/Traginium Source (2/1)
2 Belt/Derelict Freighter (1/1)
I tried to make a deck that had cards from more than one culture in it this
time. Change is good, but then I looked through the Quay cards from
Nowhere to Hide and knew I couldn’t venture into dual-faction territory right
now. Spineslinger, Suppressed, and some new locations really jumped out at
me, and combining them with Revenge from Incursion just makes sense. The
new Traginium asset mechanic seemed neat, too, so I decided to stick with
an all-Quay deck.
This deck is straightforward, and would do well in a beginner’s hands. The
basic idea behind this deck is to make your opponent lose cards quicker than
you do. Since that’s the whole point to WARS, I figured it was a solid
strategy.
About some specific card choices: Revenge has always been a good card
(and for card efficiency it is hard to beat: lose one to make your opponent
lose two), and should be in any Quay drain deck. Spineslinger is deadly
when he wipes out a site by himself during your control phase, which then
helps you to drain there and makes Suppressed that much easier to pull off.
The new Quay location Ganymede/Captured Refinery is perfect for this deck,
since we can pack the Refinery with inverted units and make our opponent
lose one energy for each of them. This is where the Spineslinger should be
spending most of his time. The new sector encampments are beneficial to
this deck since they can be used as a sector location if need be, or placed on
a site just like Incursion’s encampments.
Use The Beckoning to get inverters into play quickly, and put them at the
Refinery. If you can’t invert them using their game text, then use the new
destiny-6 interrupt Attack Plan. Traginium Hoard and Prolonged Exposure
are ways to increase your opponent’s card loss, as planned. There’s nothing
to tricky involved here, just drain possibilities and ways to make your
opponent lose energy. Your forces are not too weak; so a few battles should
be winnable. If Spineslinger clears out the refinery (when it’s packed with four
or five of your inverters) enough times during the game, the energy loss
should do plenty damage to your opponent’s energy supply, giving you the
win.