The Mavericks, a cut throat, lying, cheating, stealing, gamble of a faction.
Cartels and marked cards best describes this group of entrepreneurs as
organized crime and stacking the deck are hardly beneath them. Willing to do
just about anything to keep their freedom, they scrape by off the scraps of
society and what they can steal. A fringe culture that epitomizes the phrase
"no honor among thieves" as they are willing to help the highest bidder then
cut their throats as soon as the deal is done. However, don't discount them
though, as thieves can make a pretty good living and Wars has not forgotten
this.
This faction is by far the best at removing luck from destiny. With cards
like Up the Sleeve, Top Pair, Fifth Ace, Simple Wager and The Gambler they
can quickly stack the deck in their favor and then make the opponents deck
worse for wear. Combine this with a series of brutal power specific effects
and suddenly the game can become very lopsided, very quickly. By far this
is the most combo oriented deck is Top Pair, The Gambler, and Jack
Wilgress and a few goons like Cartel Legates can make any fight very
dangerous for your opponent. If you can't get a hold of Jack, consider The
Gambler, Top Pair and Cloud Skipper to force your opponent to lose three
cards consistently. The Gamble is also easy to replace as Fifth Ace and Up
the Sleeve perform the same function in a more limited manner. However,
my personal high energy cost favorite combo is The Gambler, Colt-Burton
Mk412, and Ace McCallister. Stack a five or six for 2 energy, destroy a unit
with defense less than the card you stacked for 3 energy and then make Ace
a force to fear for 4 more. Top that off with a Wilgress and you are well on
your way to making your opponent run from every fight. Based off all these
wonderful possibilities to ruin my opponents luck, I built a deck:
Paired Down
Units
4 The Gambler
4 Jack Wilgress
4 Ace McCallister
4 Cloud Skipper
4 Cartel Legate
2 UV-IR739
Assets
2 Colt-Burton Mk412
4 Top Pair
2 Transport Depot
2 Chained
2 Accord Negotiations
Interrupts
4 Trumped
4 Festering Cargo
2 Faded
Orders
4 Simple Wager
Locations
1 Themis/Landing Pad
1 Earth/Corporate Headquaters
7 Ganymede/Frontier Camp
1 Alnak Station/Hallway
1 Alnak Station/Launch Bay
1 Gongen/Ice Mine
Generic Strategy for this deck is to get The Gambler and Top Pair down as
soon as possible. Something important to remember about Top Pair is that if
you don't have a Trumped in your hand, you can still use it by adding it's
abilities to the stack before it goes away from Junshi. Chained is in there for
Waylaid, as is Faded. This deck was built around Top Pair, that's why there
are only 4 different values for destiny, 0, 2, 5, and 6; use this to your
advantage as having all three of the Gambler, Jack Wilgress and Ace
McCallister at a site would cost you 3 cards to save, and then you still lose
any Cloud Skippers and Cartel Legates to attrition, while Top Pair will only
cost you two cards. Your characters are important in this deck, losing any of
them can cost you the game. Jack should be able to consistently wipe your
opponent's side of the board, while the Colt/Burton Mk412 is great for
dropping quickly into a site your opponent only has 4 tactics at and removing
their ability to draw destiny.
It is a ground pounder deck, so locations like Earth/Corporate Headquaters
and Gongen/Ice Mine are there for you to take advantage of your opponent's
inability to stop all drains at all locations. It's unlikely they will have all both
Earth, and Gongen in their deck so you should be able to safely drop the
Cartel Legates on one of these locations. Note: Simple Wager is one of the
sickest Orders in the game, as it allows you to look at the top two cards of
your opponent's deck and place them back in any order, guessing the right
number is just icing on the cake.
Finally, some considerations for modifications to this deck: "Two-Way"
Berson and some Ore Hounds can really put a hurt on your opponent at one
location, but there are plenty of ways to stop that drain which is why I didn't
go that way.