Every time a new set is released, I always spend a few days playing games
with slightly modified starter decks to get a feel for the new cards and the
ideas that the design team had when the set was conceived. Once I feel
comfortable with the starter deck designs I'll tweak them around a bit and
allow new players to borrow them. Before Incursion was released, I had a
similar experience with the demo decks. When the set was released, I rebuilt
the demo decks with my own cards. After a few weeks of play testing, one of
those 'evolved' demo decks became my primary tournament deck.
I enjoyed playing this deck so much that I decided to write about how this
deck will change with Nowhere to Hide. This particular deck evolved from the
Maverick and Quay deck. Solid deploy to power and defense ratios, high
destiny values, quick setup, and solid Kizen sold me on this combination.
Besides, it's pretty obvious from some of the Quay art that their species is
not uncomfortable in the 'local bar' settings. I bet a few of them are even
nimble enough to play cards with their Borg-like gambling buddies.
Locations (11)
1 Alnak Station / Captured Base
1 Alnak Station / Hallway
1 Alnak Station / Launch Bay
5 Ganymede / Frontier Camp
1 Ganymede / Core Shaft
1 Ganymede / Vantage Point
1 Ganymede / Captured Refinery
Interrupts and Orders (12)
4 Expansion
2 Waylaid
2 Trumped
2 Simple Wager
2 Breaching
Assets (3)
1 Cloak of Fear
2 Aggressive Stance
Characters (18)
1 Banak Ilnasit
2 Jack Wilgress
2 The Gambler
2 Kulak
1 Joker Danniko
1 Cribber
1 Lahrik
2 Volt Scrounge
2 Kucha
1 Starhawk
1 Arhnaknak
2 Tahka Chuluk Squad
Ships (14)
4 Tahka Life Ship
4 Sitkatika Hekaton
3 Tahka Quarrel
3 Racing Sloop
Weapons (2)
2 Colt-Burton Mark 412
As you can see, this deck has a balance between space and ground,
something very necessary when running the Alnak Station start. Thanks to
that start, this deck sets up incredibly fast. It's not uncommon to have all 3
Alnak locations and all three of your Maverick support icons out by turn two.
Once you get set up, try to get a feel for what your opponent is playing. Since
this deck falls into the 'reactive' deck type, you need to identify his or her
game plan and do your absolute best to disrupt it.
If your opponent is running a straight ground deck they're either going to go
for a large drain at one site or multiple drains across the multiple locations.
Either way, use Simple Wager to either set up an attack or at figure out what
your opponent will draw for battle or weapon destiny. When you do attack
and your opponent is playing Quay, do your best to see that he plays waylaid
first. If he does, you can use your waylaid to make the Kizen he used
smaller. When your opponents waylaid comes off the stack, its effects will be
minimal at worst.
Nowhere to Hide brought about the largest change in this deck's "Anti Space"
card slots. Breaching has been an incredible life saver. This used interrupt
has 5 destiny and destroys target unit at a sector without piloting. It won't
stop the Quay Navigator, but Tavang-Damir literally gets stopped dead in his
tracks. In addition to this, there's nothing a dedicated space deck can do
against the Captured Refinery.
Just like with any card game, you may have to take your own metagame into
consideration. Most of my games are against either balanced or ground
decks so it's leaned a bit towards Ganymede control. If you need to, Cloak of
Fear can be used to stop Slippery infiltrators, some of the ground units can
be cut for more space power, and more Quay inverters can be added to
make the Captured Refinery more effective.