When you go to a local tournament what things go through your head when
deckbuilding? What factions would I pick, how would I deal with space?
Should I play space? What about the Earth/Maverick beat down decks? How
would I make the best all around deck? These are the questions that flow
through my head. The deck I have chosen has what I think it needs to deal
with these tough questions.
The first thing you notice when you see this deck is that’s it’s a three-faction
deck. Now, do not get pushed away by that. This deck is a ground control
deck that has the opportunity to drain and retrieve for a lot. This deck uses
the Quickdraw ability combed with the card Sharper Than Steel.
Locations
1 Themis / Landing Pad (START)
1 Belt / Navigation Corridor
2 Ganymede / Harvesting Camp
3 Ganymede / Frontier Camp
1 Jupiter / Approach Route
3 Ganymede/ Pilgrims’ Camp
1 Ganymede / Underground Bunker
1 Belt / Pilgrims’ Holdings
1 Ganymede / Mining Platform
1 Ganymede / Core Shaft
1 Ganymede / Vantage Point
Interrupts
4 Expansion
2 Overburdened
2 Junshi
4 Trumped
2 Energy Tap
Assets
3 Jovian Standoff
2 Sharper Than Steel
1 Aggressive Stance
Weapons
4 Vishal Vatarma
Units
1 Kano Masako
2 Hannya
1 Ikazuchi
2 Joker Danniko
2 Cartel Legate
1 Aris Thantos
2 Jack Wilgress
1 The Gambler
2 Takumi Shadow Warriors
1 Two Way Berson
2 Kayu Gekkane
3 Tennaru Hari
Now let’s first look at a few key cards from the deck.
Jack Wilgress and The Gambler are here for some fun. Being the best
Maverick units in the game, I decided why not have them in here. There
abilities are good to have if needed to be used. Plus Jack is a beast on his
own.
Tennaru Hari is probability the main fighter in this deck. With great stats for
his cost, never leaving the table when he gets equipped with a weapon, and
being able to fire the weapon he is holding two extra times you just can't
pass him up.
Joker Danniko and Takumi Shadow Warriors: They are lean mean machines
with their quickdraw ability. They help you fire that weapon many times.
Hannya, Ikazuchi: They are here to help out your other units with some
power.
Two Way Berson, Cartel Legate and Aris Thantos: These are the guys you
call upon when you need some extra drain power. Also, to go along with
them is Jovian Standoff. This card not only has fantastic density, but is a
great card for draining too. Now, when you get a few of these guys down
and a Jovian Standoff, your drain will be around 5-6. That’s a nice number for
a drain. So when you get that much of a drain off, isn't it about time to
retrieve some cards? Energy Tap is there to retrieve those cards back when
you drain big.
Kano Masako is great because he can never be damaged, so when he has
that key weapon he will almost never leave and he helps you put the cards
you do not need at that moment back in you deck.
Vishal Vatarma is the best weapon in the game. This weapon when teamed
up with Shaper Then Steel is a deadly combo. All you have to do is show a
high-density card, like a 5, 6, or 7, and not have your opponent beat you.
Now with the 7 that’s even better because there is no 8, so it’s an auto hit all
the time. And bam, lost from the battle from the effect of Sharper Then Steel.
Now, take weapon and put it on a guy with quickdraw and your opponent will
lose 2-3 units before the density phase and power, WOW. I believe that you
will be in control of almost any fights on the ground and be dealing lots of
over flow.
Kayu Gekkane: This guy is great to have in that battle with your Quickdraw
guys. After making an opponent loose a few guys from the battle they will
never ever be able to draw density.
Junshi, Trumped : They are here for a controlling aspect of the game. If your
opponent gets out of hand with interrupts or assets then you will be set.
Aggressive Stance is in here to try and slow down those spread drain decks.
This deck is able to gather up its forces and drain big and hold one site. This
makes this card not hurt you as much because you will be at only 1-2
locations. This card is must to get out when you opponent is playing space or
if you aren't sure what their strategy is.
This deck is your ground focus deck that has a kick in it with Shaper Then
Steel and its power to drain big and get back the cards you lost. Remember
that this deck is slow at first. It is going to take a few turns to get things set
up, so take your time. This deck is mainly Maverick and Gongen so get their
icons out fast. For Shi all you need is one icon so take your time with that.
You will get it.
Try to set up your own thing with this deck with a few guys. Do not wait until
your opponent does something to react to him. Get your drain set up. Make
your opponent come to you. If he decides not to, send that force of
Quickdraw guys after him and watch him cry. Also remember that you do not
need a lot of power to hurt him; the Quickdraw and Sharper Than Steel will
make any of his big guys disappear from battle, so just a few will do just fine.
This deck is not one to be taken lightly. When this decks combo takes off, it’s
like magic, not much your opponent can do to stop you. So just sit back and
watch the magic happen.