Character (36)
3x Aziz Chatuluka (The Shifting Sands)
3x Beings of Ib (Twilight Horror)
3x Brood of Yig (Whispers in the Dark)
3x Claude Owen (The Key and the Gate)
3x Degenerate Serpent Cultist (The Wailer Below)
3x Dr. Mya Badry (Ebla Restored)
3x Gregory Lean (The Thousand Young)
3x Harley Warren (The Thousand Young)
2x Naaginn (Touched by the Abyss)
3x Nyarlathotep (The Thousand Young)
2x Padma Amrita (The Unspeakable Pages)
3x The Bloody Tongue (The Thousand Young)
2x Yig (Screams from Within)
Support (0)
Event (14)
3x Broken Space, Broken Time R (Conspiracies of Chaos)
3x Disguised Threat (The Cacophony)
3x Night Class (In the Dread of Night)
2x Sibilant Cry (Written and Bound)
3x Vortex of Time (The Key and the Gate)


The main strategy of the deck is to get the avatars and Nyarlathotep out quickly.
Possible ways: 
1) Night Class -&gt; Harley Warren -&gt; Nyarlathotep
2) Sacrafice Aziz Chatuluka -&gt; Nyarlathotep
3) Tricking in Nyarlathotep via Avatars
3) Padma Amrita (if tricked out via Serpent tricks) &gt; The Bloody Tongue &gt; Nyarlathotep
4) Last resort &gt; Broken Space, Broken Time

Ideal starting hand: Nyarlathotep, Aziz, an Avatar character, and Being of Ib

Other Notes:
Trick in Dr. Mya Badry for surprise investigation at a story
Beings of Ib - Copy skill and icons of an ancient one when committed
This deck has no support cards, and is in particular teched to prevent them with Gregory Lean.

I have not played a serpent deck, so I incorporated that as the "backbone" of this deck.  After playing the deck, Cthulhu might have been a better GOO, as Yig is thematically sensible, but the deck does not have a good out of combat removal of characters.

With Nyarlathotep and the avatars, new card draw in this deck is slow.  Thus i added Vortex of Time.  Claude Owen is also nice for getting a quick few characters into play, if characters are in the discard decks.

Broken Space, Broken Time at a cost of 4 might be removed from the deck for a different card (Khopesh?) that allows direct removal, recursion of serpents.  At a cost of four, it is not much faster than getting Nyarlathotep out directly, and it might be worth it.

This deck seems to slow down, as the game goes on.  And the user has to be aggressive in going after success tokens.  I hesitated on one turn, thinking that I would rather have Nyarlathotep back defending than the avatar that I had in hand.  I truly believe that was the wrong choice.

Serpents and Avatars
Tri-Factiion Deck (with four faction)
Designed for competition where each of three factions needed at least 5 cards.
