Character (30)
3x Arcane Hunter (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Dabbler in the Unknown (Core Set)
3x Dedicated Butler (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Failed Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Paul LeMond (Core Set)
3x Recruiter for the Lodge (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Steve Clarney (Core Set)
3x Undercover Security (Core Set)
3x Young Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
Support (12)
2x Crystal of the Elder Things (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Ritual of the Lance (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Shotgun (Core Set)
3x Tcho-Tcho Talisman (Core Set)
2x The Oubliettes (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
Event (8)
2x Initiation (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Shotgun Blast (Core Set)
3x Small Price to Pay (Core Set)

This deck is built in preparation for a future tournament, where the deck building restriction is the core box and any one deluxe box.
Wanting to be different as I can't see them being picked, was Silver Twilight. They are then enhanced with Agency for a combination of Willpower and direct damage.

One card I would likely want to use but can't as it is being loaned to a friend, is Eldritch Nexus. Getting more use from Shotgun, as well as just paying for more of my cheaper characters is never bad. Crystal of the Elder Things does mitigate this somewhat, as I can wound a character at the story, and assuming they lack Toughness, have them leave play and refresh the domain, allowing me to keep going.

The Tcho-Tcho Talisman is to make up for the absence of Terror, as Willpower is few and far between.

One card that lept out at me was Ritual of the Lance, as complete character wipes will be minimal in this format. But with Dabbler in the Unknown, Failed Initiate, Dedicated Butler and Initiation giving me controlled sacrificing, I can prepare the game for a reset when I need it. If my opponent is packing support removal, there isn't much I can do about it, other than offer enough choices to hope they use them up early.

The other was The Oubliettes, which just seemed very interesting. In the core alone, there are 20 characters it hits, and if I add all the other deluxe boxes bar Sleepers, that is a further 29 it can hit. So having those characters unable to ever get involved in a story to go insane, take a wound, offer their icons or simply prevent me getting unopposed, should potentially give me an extra edge of control.

No idea if as a concept it is any good, but it's worth a shot :)

I've got a few other ideas I want to work on, but am trying to avoid mono decks built around their respective deluxe boxes, as I feel they will be common and almost self-building.

