Character (35)
3x Backwater Deep One (Whispers in the Dark)
3x Carl Stanford (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Cthulhu (The Wailer Below)
3x Deep One Rising (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Deep One Scout (The Wailer Below)
3x Dreamlands Fanatic R (In the Dread of Night)
3x Hydra (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Lord of Y'ha-nthlei (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Lord of the Silver Twilight (Core Set)
2x Ravager from the Deep R (Core Set)
2x Silent Mover (Never Night)
2x The Cult of Bathos (Into Tartarus)
3x Young Deep One (Core Set)
Support (11)
3x Devil's Reef (Aspirations of Ascension)
3x Magnifying Glass (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Shadowed Reef (Core Set)
2x Sword of Y'ha-tallo (Core Set)
Event (5)
2x A Single Path (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
3x Deep One Assault (Core Set)


A thematic deck I created to be played casually which is centered on Deep One.

INTRODUCTION:
This has been my go to deck whenever I introduce new players to play the game.  Due to it being a mono-faction, a new player will not be required to think on how they should put their cards as resource and worry about resource matching.

I have also used this against my other decks as acid test to see how well my other decks play out.  My objective is to create different decks of cards focusing on certain theme which is highly thematic but not overpowering.

I find that when against this deck (which I usually do as I prefer the human factions) is not to allow it go to into the mid-game.  By that time, the Mono-Cthulhu player would probable be able to play Hydra and Cthulhu.  This will make it difficult for the opponents to win stories.

STRATEGY:
Shadowed Reef and Devil's Reef - 
Your starting hand should have Shadowed Reef and Devil's Reef.  The former will provide your Deep One with a Terror Icon in order to terrorised unfortunate humans with no Willpower and also defend against insanity when dealing with other Monster decks.

The latter allows you to play some of your Deep One early since Deep One characters are generally high costs and will have problem dealing against rush decks.  If you don't any any of these two cards, then you are advised to mulligan.

Carl Stanford - 
Due to his Invulnerability, he will often be used as a blocker.  Attach to him a Magnifying Glass, he can also prevent some human characters with an Investigation icon in order to put down an success token by winning the Investigation struggle.

Ravager of the Deep - 
This is a very annoying card when it is put down on the table.  The opponent will often have difficulty to find a story in which he can commit his characters.  With Toughness +1, this Deep One is not easily disposed off (other than using some control cards such as Infernal Obsession, Stygian Eye, and some targeted character removal cards that can affect a character with skill 2 or less like Faceless Abductor, Pushed Into the Beyond, Lord Farrington, Short Fuse, etc.).  My decision to only put 2 of them is because I am using this as an introductory deck.  I don't wish for the opponent playing another faction to feel "hopeless" of not being able to commit characters when 2 or more Ravagers are present on the board.


Hydra - 
This is a key card in this deck as she can bring back some Deep One from the discard pile onto the board.  This is very useful if any Deep One is destroyed or discarded.  Often the Mono-Cthulhu player will find themselves having lack or no cards to play from hand.  

But with Hydra, it gives them greater flexibility to a choose a Deep One from the discard pile.  Nevertheless, this deck has to watch out for Snow Grave (which I don't put onto my other decks as I want people to have fun in being to activate their cards or characters' ability), Specimen Room, and Trophy Room.

Magnifying Glass - 
I find this to be so useful when attached it to Carl Stanford, Cthulhu and in some occasions Deep One with Toughness +1 such as Backwater Deep One and Silent Mover.

Dreamland Fanatics - 
Since this deck is build to destroy characters via Deep One Assault, Deep One Rising, winning combat and forcing characters to sacrifice through Cthulhu's ability, it helps to have card that can be played out without having to exhaust a domain.  However, players of this deck has to watch out for Flux Stabiliser from M.U..

Cult of Bathos - 
Helps to give discount for playing Deep One.  I think 2 copies will be enough as I want more space to put in Deep One characters and also since it is unique which can clog the hand if I have more than 2.


Deep One Scout
Using to play Deep One without paying costs from a domain's resources.  This is often viable to the potential of Deep One winning Arcane.

A Single Path
Stops players with multiple characters from rushing to win different stories especially in the early game.

Lord of Silver Twilight - 
Useful to help a player to play Cthulhu and to support Carl Stanford by giving Carl additional Combat and Arcane icons via sacrificing Lord of Silver Twilight, making it difficult for players to decide how to commit their characters.  (Personal comment: It seems interesting that Carl Stanford represent both Cthulhu and TOST factions.)


CONSIDERATION:
Initially, I have 2 Get it Off! event cards but am find it to be "meh".  Often I just put the card as  a resource.  Somehow, just being able to destroy an attachment does not seem to provide me a with a potent play and feels redundant when there are other ways which I can destroy a character.  As such I have replaced these cards with Sword of Y'ha-tallo.  I find this card to be more useful, especially I do not have Shadow Reef out in the early game.  At least this will enable my Deep One to of the threat of and the defence from the Terror icon.

There is another alternative version using Khopesh which I introduce to players when they are familiar with the game.  This is to offer them a different variant of play.
- 2 Ravagers of the Deep
- 1 Deep One Scout
- 2 Sword of Y'ha-tallo
+ 3 Khopesh of the Abyss
+ 2 Robert Friendly
