Character (56)
3x Adept of the Second Order (Touched by the Abyss)
3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
3x Black Winged One (The Sleeper Below)
2x Castro (The Key and the Gate)
3x Deep One Stowaway (Perilous Trials)
3x Dwellers Below (The Sleeper Below)
3x Guardian Shoggoth (Core Set)
3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
2x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Knight of the Outer Void (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Lord of the Silver Twilight (Core Set)
3x Naaginn (Touched by the Abyss)
2x Nigel St. James (The Shifting Sands)
3x Poleman (Terror in Venice)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
2x Professor George Angell (The Sleeper Below)
3x Recruiter for the Lodge (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
3x Young Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
Support (23)
3x Flooded Vault (Terror in Venice)
3x Khopesh of the Abyss R (The Shifting Sands)
3x Ritual of Exclusion (The Unspeakable Pages)
3x Sword of Y'ha-tallo (Core Set)
2x The Black Stone (The Key and the Gate)
2x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
2x The Silver Lance (Perilous Trials)
2x The Tablets of Nhing (The Sleeper Below)
3x Y'ha-nthlei Statue (Aspirations of Ascension)
Event (9)
3x Deep One Assault (Core Set)
3x Dragged into the Deep (Words of Power)
3x Sacrificial Offerings (Core Set)

My obsession with Khopesh of the Abyss continues, this time combining Cthulhu with Silver Twilight.

v1 is currently at 88 cards, which is very oversized. The reason being I am like a kid in a candy store, and with no-one locally to play with, all I can do is pick all the cards I would be interested in, and then slowly whittle down the choices.

I am looking at Khopesh again, partly because of the comments in this deck - http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/mono-cthulhu-serpentcultists-r38, where Khopesh is suggested as a stronger restricted and works well as a counter to Temple decks forcing sacrifices. One of the concerns by the creator was not being able to deal with most AO's due to either being Invulnerable, or simple having a large amount of Toughness. This is where ST come in, with their Black Stone.
Remove a character with a card ability (Khopesh, Sacrifical offerings, even Knight of the Out Void, etc.), trigger the Disrupt from Black Stone to blank the text box on a character with troublesome text, and then promptly shoot them. If they have a larger board presence than me, a typical Temple deck wouldn't have removed such a character.

In addition to Khopesh for character removal, another card has caught my interest that I have only recently bought and want to get some mileage from - Y'ha-nthlei Statue. Making all printed skill 1 or less not worth playing, whilst getting rid of all in play when it turns up should alter my opponent's strategy, as according to the deck builder there are 135 characters with skill 1 or less.

The core strategy of the deck is get rid of their characters, and push through stories in two turns thanks to the investigation from many of the ST characters.

And now, the onslaught that is the choice for each card so far and why:
Guardian of Dawn, Poleman and Young Initiate - The only characters with a skill of more than 1 who only cost 1. If my opponent makes it day, then the Guardian gets better, but having an investigation icon isn't bad. Also, both the Guardian and Initiate are Lodge traited, which goes well with Sarah Van Shaw.
Prepared Alienist - An essential card for Khopesh decks in my opinion. Great icons, Toughness, and the ability to stop characters coming into play or switching sides (screw you Dormant!). I wouldn't ever think of a Khopesh deck without these.
Naaginn - Another recent purchase, but the idea that he can hold Khopesh, shoot a pair of characters, and then because the Khopesh is destroyed when he takes his final wound, he comes back from the discard pile whilst the Khopesh shuffle backs in. Plus, at only 2 cost he is affordable to get out in the first place.
Recruiter for the Lodge - His eventual usefulness will depend upon how many ST characters I take. Whilst he has no icons, being potentially self-replacing whilst also being Lodge is good. And since he focused on turning up, he is a prime candidate to hold Khopesh without the dilemma of who should hold it.
Castro - The highest skill character I've chosen, he has a nice spread of icons. I've almost never used his ability, but if it could prevent them winning a story, I won't regret him being around.
B. Ramsdale Brown - Free recursion! Who can argue with him, especially since nothing in my deck costs more than 3. Arcane and double investigation keeps the pressure up. He is part of the reason I look at any deck and wonder if it can be made better with a splash of ST. Since he should be helping me recycle cards, I would want 3 of him in a deck if I can, where normally I only go for x2 unique.
Lord Jeffrey Farrington - Another broad spread of icons, being able to bounce any character including an AO to their owner's hand gives me a brief window of board advantage, and even if they do buy them again the following turn, that is one less card they can afford.
Knight of the Outer Void - A left field choice. The lack of investigation for a 3 cost ST character is disappointing. However, 2 combat and willpower should keep him around. His forced response is what I'm intending to abuse however, by picking up BRB (when on 2 tokens), Farrington, Housekeeper, or Young Initiate. My only concern is if my board gets to the point I don't have anyone I want to return, and are forced to pick him up. He does give me a reliable way to active Black Stone though.
Josef Meiger - Similar to BRB, he is another character I look at for his ability and question does he make the deck better. Being able to get rituals and artifacts out of the deck for free, with Y'ha-nthlei Statue being a high choice depending upon their board. If he is going to leave play, then with a ready Black Stone I can blank him to protect my artifacts and rituals from being destroyed. His icons are pretty good too.
Lodge Housekeeper - This is a card I'm always unsure about. Having arcane and investigation are nice, and being able to return a support card is great, in a similar vein to Farrington. Aside from Deep One Assault, there isn't much I can do about support cards. But I imagine I'd rather see someone like BRB instead of her each time she gets drawn.
Deep One Stowaway - I gain a character, and shoot one of yours in exchange. If he wounded exhausted skill 2 or less instead of cost 2 or less, I doubt I'd be tempted by him. But if they have attacked a story with a smaller character in the previous turn, it once again limits the options left for my opponent's field. And as typical for a Deep One, has combat and arcane, so helps maintain the pressure.
Guardian Shoggoth - Yummy toughness for the Khopesh! Due to avoiding skill 1 and cost 4+ characters, combined with the sets I own, my choices for toughness are few and far between. As such, it is likely to just sit there and machine gun through their board :)
Sarah Van Shaw - If I get a ritual into play, then gaining icons for all of my Lodge characters is wonderful. And if my opponent does being anyone into play during the story phase (Master of Myths, Black Dog, etc), then she will generally get enough skill to win the skill check. May be an early cut however, as without seeing a ritual, nor packing any tomes, she is underwhelming compared with other 3 costs.
Adept of the Second Order - Similar to Van Shaw, where if they bring characters in, I can stand my Lodge characters (of which I have several). He also means I'm unlikely to lose arcane struggles.
Professor George Angell - An expensive but unstoppable cancel, who in the mean time is Lodge, arcane and investigation. Being able to stop a board wipe when my opponent uses Plague Stone would be amazing.
Lord of the Silver Twilight - I added him as initially when planning the deck I had very little cost 1 or 2 characters, whilst also having terror as my smallest icon provided. Reducing Cthulhu means nothing. If anything, the only problem I have is he is a Cultist, which could reward my opponent if they see Gustaf Johansen.
Black Winged One - I liked the sound of his ability, whilst also being invulnerable. Wouldn't be the top of my 2 cost picks however.
Dwellers Below - Frustratingly, a Deep one without arcane. However, a 1:1 character removal, with the only restriction being non-AO means I can still get rid of toughness/invulnerable characters, whilst giving further redundancy to the deck.
Nigel St. James - My idea with him is go into a story, shoot with Khopesh until the wielder dies, then use his disrupt to give a resource boost to a domain. If I don't see Khopesh, then if I do lose combat, it is another way I can trigger him.

Khopesh of the Abyss - Do I need to explain...?
Sword of Y'ha-tallo - I love this attachment so much, solely because it costs 0. Early game the steadfast 2 can be irksome, but being able to make any character gain terror and combat is never bad. But when combined with Flooded Vault below, sending in some cheap character into a story, having them opposed, only for me to blow up the Vault to get the Sword and end up making a character insane (or avoiding it), and then possibly destroying another character, for no domain drained, gives me a smirk when it happens.
Flooded Vault - With Khopesh, Statue and Black Stone important to the deck, having a reliable way to fetch them from the deck is essential. Unless I made a low support deck with no non-locations, I couldn't ever make a deck using Cthulhu without these. For 1 these are insane!
The Black Stone - As mentioned at the beginning, this is my means to help remove characters with text that protects them from my removal effects. It also protects Josef. The great thing is that because this is from a card leaving play, not a character, it works even when a support card goes (though sadly not Vault as it was the cost and not effect that made it leave play :().
Ritual of Exclusion - This is partly here because I wanted a ritual for Von Shaw and Josef, but also because I wanted further recursion. Triggered by St. James, Farrington, Knight of the Outer void and Silver Lance, even with only a few tokens it can get me back key characters who have previously left play. Being non-unique allows for amazing levels of recursion.
Y'ha-nthlei Statue - As I also mentioned earlier, this is to reduce the number of characters my opponent can put out. Is also one of the few ways to deal with the Claret Knight ;)
The Silver Lance - This is a card I asked about in the card spoiler section, the idea behind this card is tremendous.
The Plague Stone - Who doesn't like a global reset? I don't want to reply on Khopesh/Statue, and also if my opponent makes it Day and I don't want them to, this also helps. However, this is also why I have avoided Hermetic Seals.
The Tablets of Nhing - I will be destroying my own characters with Khopesh, and getting a cheaper character from my hand into play for free helps the economy. Plus, it is an artifact for Josef.

Deep One Assault - Staple in a Cthulhu deck, even when not mono.
Sacrificial Offerings - Further character removal, and great on turn 1 when they are first player and bring out a character they intend to defend my upcoming story phase with once my turn comes round.
Dragged into the Deep - An idea, for general removal as works on characters, support and attachments. The fact it is only non-uniques is what bothers me. Unable to get rid of Khopesh, Festival, or anything else like that makes me wonder is it worth it?

So that is the deck, and the reasons for the cards. If you made it all the way through, thanks very much, and have a virtual cookie :D

