Character (27)
3x Ageless Mi-Go (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
3x Harvesting Mi-Go (The Twilight Beckons)
3x Mi-Go Caretaker (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Mi-Go Commander (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Mi-Go Guard (The Spoken Covenant)
3x Mi-Go Scout (Core Set)
3x Mi-Go Surgeon (Secrets of Arkham)
1x Mi-Go Warrior (Core Set)
3x Priestess of Bubastis (Core Set)
Support (10)
3x Infernal Obsession R (The Antediluvian Dreams)
1x Inter-dimensional Transporter (The Twilight Beckons)
3x Mi-Go Skull (Into Tartarus)
2x Specimen Room (Murmurs of Evil)
1x The Cavern of Flame (In the Dread of Night)
Event (14)
3x Agoraphobia (Core Set)
3x Blind Submission (Core Set)
2x Horrid Mutation (Core Set)
3x Power Drain (Core Set)
3x Scotophobia (Core Set)

This is one of the "beginner" monster decks which I build and gave to my friend to play when I am introducing CoC to them in addition to my Mono-Cthulhu Deep One Deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/mono-cthulhu-deep-one-deck-r26).  However, I let them play the latter first in order not to complicate them on how they should build their resource.  Only after their experience in playing the above Mono-Cthulhu deck, I will have them play this Mi-Go deck with dual faction.

HISTORY
When most of the Mi-Go characters were made available in the CoC line-up, I was intrigued with the synergistic relationship Mi-Go character can give to each other. However, my Mi-Go deck had some inherent weaknesses.  One which was the lack of Terror Icons and when one Mi-Go went insane, the others would lose the benefit of the additional icon granted by some Mi-Go.  The other was that prior to Inter-Dimensional Transporter, this deck was slow and could not effectively deal with the Rush decks.

Also, due to the lack of speed it had experienced before, it was difficult for me to reach a level of critical mass to make the Mi-Go characters on the board a formidable force to go against some of the monster decks.

DEALING WITH TERROR
Previously, I have Optic Warehouse but having to have a Domain with at least 2 resources ready to activate this support card is not so desirable as I would like to have the resource to play out more characters.  Now dealing with monsters on Terror Struggle is much easier with the incorporation of Scotophobia, Horrid Mutation, and Mi-Go Skull.  In addition, there is Vale of Pnanth where I can chose to cancel the effects of a Terror struggle.

I have debated whether to have 2 Mi-Go Skull but since I am putting in 3 Horrid Mutation, I think I can omit one of them.  Moreover, I like the fact I can surprise my opponent thinking that I may not have any Terror icons to protect me from insanity when compete on the Terror Struggle.  However, the danger in this is the lesser probability in getting Mi-Go Skull where it will make this deck vulnerable to targeted insanity due to character's or other card's ability.

THROWING AWAY BRED TO SURVIVE
In my earlier deck, I had Bred to Survive but never felt  compelled to play it especially when I had one or more Ageless Mi-Go in play.

PUTTING IN BLACK DOG
When Black Dog arrived in the CoC scene, I find it has been a tremendous help in boosting the winning rate of this deck.  It acts as a surprise blocker and punishes any characters committed to a story alone which do not have enough combat icons or toughness to protect them.  It gives me time to slowly spam my army of Mi-Go.

FORMIDABLE UNITS
The Mi-Go can act as formidable units. For example, when a friend was playing with my deck, he had Mi-Go commander out and  Mi-Go guard in play with another 2 Mi-Go on the board.  I was playing Agency-Miskatonic Investigation deck but had difficulty attacking a story.  This was because one of my characters will be wounded in the Combat struggle as the Mi-Go Guard at that time had 6 combat icons!! 1 from itself, 4 from the additional combat icons for each Mi-Go in-play and another 1 from Mi-Go commander.

DEALING WITH HUMAN FACTIONS WITH INVESTIGATION ICONS
Often the monster decks have problem dealing with the human faction as many of the characters do not have investigation icons.  But not with Mi-Go.  When one or more Mi-Go Scout is in play and it can competently match the human factions on the Investigation struggles unless most of the characters in the human faction decks have more than one Investigation icons.

SPECIMEN ROOM
Earlier on, I had debated whether to put in one or more Specimen Room.  But then I find Specimen Room has proven to be very useful when playing against a deck that relies heavily on recursion of characters such as those shown by a Mono-Shub Dark-Young deck and Hydra using her ability to bring back some Deep One from the discard pile.  In addition, specimen room can provide tremendous skill advantage to the Mi-Go by increasing the skill value of each character and making it difficult for opponents to win stories.

BLIND SUBMISSION
This is a very good card in the early game. When used, I can suddenly pull my opponent's characters to my side causing them to lose their story struggles. In some occasions , I use my opponent's character as fodder for losing the terror struggle or as meat shield when I lost the combat struggle.

POWER DRAIN
In the early games, when I don't have Power Drain, I often have players who target my Mi-Go characters with trigger effects such as sacrifice, destruction or be driven insane which messed up my entire calculation and my Mi-Go synergistic combo.  With Power Drain, it has effectively counter such problem.

MI-GO DREAM
In many games, I don't find myself using Mi-Go Dream so I have omitted it to make space for other cards.

MI-GO OBSERVER
I didn't have Mi-Go Observer because I was not able to obtain Curse of Jade Emperor Arkham Pack.  But even if I have it, I may unlikely put into my deck due to its high-cost.  Nevertheless, this can still be a card to considered incorporating into this Mi-Go deck perhaps by replacing other 2 cards.  It can still prove useful enabling a player to have a number of Mi-Go cards in hand instead of slowly drawing them during the Draw phase.  Due to the high-density of Mi-Go characters, it would be very likely a player can draw 2 or more Mi-Go characters in hand.  Also, by paying 4 (despite the high cost), a player get to play a Character and perform a "draw" action which can be deemed as efficient play and of high value.

WEAKNESSES
This deck can be vulnerable to decks that have a lot of character removal cards such as those from Yog-Sothoth (e.g. Cursed Skull, A Single Glimpse, Calling Down the Ancients, Many Angled Things, and Faceless Abductor) and those with focus on "bouncing" characters back into the owner's hand such as displayed by many of the Silver Twilight's characters (e.g. Initiate of Huang Hun and Lord Farrington) which can prevent this deck from getting enough Mi-Go on the board to reach critical mass.

OTHER CARDS CONSIDERATION
Some other cards that can be incorporated into this Deck will be Devolution and also Hali's Directive.  You can have
+2 Devolution
+2 Hali's Directive
-1 Scotophobia
-1 Power Drain
-1 Agoraphobia
-1 Blind Submission

You can also have replace Infernal Obsession with Stygian Eye, which is cheaper to play. Reason I don't have Stygian Eye in this current deck because I am using it for another deck.


