Character (28)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
1x Bearer of the Yellow Sign (Core Set)
2x Danni Devine (Lost Rites)
1x Doctor Lomboso (Terror in Venice)
1x Elise Warren (Written and Bound)
1x H.O.S.T (The Sleeper Below)
1x Harbinger of Insanity (Murmurs of Evil)
1x Hastur (The Spoken Covenant)
1x Hastur (Core Set)
2x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
2x Master of Amulets (The Shifting Sands)
2x Meticulous Scribe (The Gleaming Spiral)
1x Obsessive Playwright (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Rich Widow (Perilous Trials)
3x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
1x Shadow Eater (Aspirations of Ascension)
3x Theosophist (The Sleeper Below)
1x Thing from the Stars (Core Set)
Support (8)
1x San Servolo (Terror in Venice)
3x Stygian Eye R (Into Tartarus)
2x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
2x The King In Yellow Folio (Lost Rites)
Event (14)
2x At Night they Roam (Terror in Venice)
3x Calling The Darkness (The Sleeper Below)
2x Devoured by Shadow (Aspirations of Ascension)
2x Fine Dining (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Initiation (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lost to the Madness (The Cacophony)
1x The Yellow Sign (The Spoken Covenant)

Welcome to my second deck- wherein the Lodge attempts to meddle with things beyond their control. Under the supervision of Sarah Van Shaw, the Lodge's Scribes and theosophists attempts to harness the darkness bound within the pages of the blasphemous T'tka Halot in order to further their plan for total domination... Only to find that the Darkness already has a master, whose agents are only too eager to herald the coming of their King.... Who's really pulling the strings here? Only one way to find out- watch the shadow play... 

Everyone has a part to play in this shadow show: I will try the list the synergies within the deck.

The main mechanic here (which can easily be taken in a Mono-ST deck for perhaps a more serious approach) is based on two main cards and one helper card. 

Sarah Van Shaw is crucial, and so is calling the Darkness. Notice Sarah Van Shaw grants her icon when you control a ritual card, and Calling the Darkness is a ritual card. Seeing as the card doesn't go into the graveyard until after its effects resolve, it can be combined with Sarah and either the Theosophists, Ramsdale, Scribes and Widows or even controlled enemy characters to summon up Hastur. 

Fine dining on an enemy character is also another great of getting the required icons while getting rid of an opponent's assets. (Initiation serves the same purpose, if you just want to kill a character before using another stygian eye to take control of another character.) 

San Servelo works great with stygian eye, as by the time its effect trigger, the character once controlled by the eye has already returned to your opponent and he has to now pay its cost or drive another character crazy.  

In case hastur is ever destroyed, Doctor Lomboso allows you to get him back with ease. Infact, by using calling the darkness on Sarah and another character, you get to put hastur back on top of your deck and play him again for "free". 

Theosophists works great with the Knight of the Eclipse, and both tomes in the deck are pretty impressive when stacked on a single character- allowing the bearer of the King In Yellow Folio to both attack and defend without exhausting (A big problem with that tome usually as it removes all Arcane Struggles). 

There's no lack of Cultists to Sacrifice and fuel the Harbinger,  and the Master of Amulets is downright amazing at the rate people are going to be going crazy.

Wait until you play Hastur (Which often happens turn two or three) and follow up with a Lost to Madness.  Your Yellow Sign in such a scenario would protect one of your important lodge characters (like H.O.S.T), that can't protect themselves even though by this point there should be at least one Tome Out for the Knights and Scribes, insuring investigation support. 

Danni allows you to search your decks for stygian eyes relatively quickly- and thats always fun. 

H.O.S.T and Widow are always a good draw engine. And Lastly, devoured by Shadow always catches an opponent off-guard and allows you to combo it with a number of other characters- from Sarah, who gains +2 Skills when the shadow come to play, to Fine Dining, which brings forth a sacrifice out of the blue. Sacrifice something and add its icons to the shadow eater and you can cause horrible damage without even committing to a story and putting yourself at risk....  

In terms of resourcing, the events go first. After that, some characters. The ones with multiple copies first, hopefully, then the rest based on the situation. 

Played the deck a couple of times- it was quite fun. The core mechanic actually works, and there's nothing more satisfying than taking control of an opponent's character at key moments and sacrificing them to fuel your own mad schemes- not to mention a couple of surprises which, as long as you've got domains cleared up, can you leave to respond to a number of icon battles and situations. 



The deck is DEAD with official confirmation from Damon Stone.....

 

Quote

    > Rule Question:
    > Hello!
    > 
    > I've got a question. I fear I already know the answer. I am hoping you can dispel those fears :P 
    > 
    > Can I use "Calling the Darkness" to drive Sarah Van Shaw and a Theosophist Insane in order to summon up an ancient one. 
    > 
    > Sarah Van Shaw says when you control a Ritual or Tome Card, Lodge Characters gain bonus icons. Calling the Darkness is a ritual card, despite being an event. 
    > 
    > Thank you!

     

    Sorry, no.
     

    Damon Stone

     

     

 

Darned!!!!!

 

Maybe it will be errated eventually.  I really hope so. It was so fun to play!

        Jhaelen likes this 

Photo
Obtuse
Jan 02 2015 02:16 AM
Have you considered adding Josef Meiger and some ritual support cards? I was pretty shocked not to see Meiger in a deck that wants to pull rituals.

        Jhaelen and Saldre like this 

Photo
Saldre
Jan 02 2015 02:42 AM

I agree, it would need to be reworked to include that guy. Ultimately, he resolves the problem- but I'd need to remove other cards n favor of him. Ultimately, he's a character, with good icons, which would allow the combo to get pulled off. I can always replace 1 Ramsdale and 1 Danni with two of them. As for rituals, I'd have to look at the appropriate card.

 

Maybe the deck can still be saved!!!

Photo
Obtuse
Jan 02 2015 05:26 AM
Rite of the Silver Gate is a good one, and a pretty strong card to boot. Remember with Meiger you can pull from out of faction.

I'm not sure, from a competitive standpoint, that I'd lose a copy of Ramsdale. Curious to see how your next version turns out. The first theme deck I built was a similar idea, though different execution: the lodge meddling with rituals and summoning ancient ones.

