    Character (33)
    2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Archaeology Interns (Into Tartarus)
    2x Baka (The Thousand Young)
    1x Descendant of Eibon (The Terror of the Tides)
    3x Doctor Bancroft (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Jaguar Warrior (The Breathing Jungle)
    3x Jeremiah Kirby (For the Greater Good)
    2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Mi-Go Warrior (Core Set)
    1x Ol' Lazy Eyes (Conspiracies of Chaos)
    1x Professor Morgan (Dunwich Denizens)
    3x Professor William Webb (The Sleeper Below)
    3x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
    1x Savio Corvi (Terror in Venice)
    1x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
    Support (8)
    1x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
    1x Ice Shaft (Never Night)
    3x The Festival R (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
    Event (6)
    3x Surprising Find (Touched by the Abyss)
    3x Thunder in the East (Kingsport Dreams)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x Pervasive Toxemia (The Thousand Young)

    This deck stemmed from literally throwing a pile of cards together ten minutes before a tournament and then managing to win the whole event.  It's evolved quite a bit since then, but it's definitely still a contender.  

Obviously the whole deck revolves around Pervasive Toxemia.  The one wound a turn allows Doctor Bancroft to mow down opposing characters, allows Jaguar Warriors to find friends, and worst case scenario plunks a wound on a Professor Morgan or Whitton Greene or offs an Archaeology Interns, Jeremiah Kirby, or Ol' Lazy Eyes after they've already done their job.  The explorer suite (plus Surprising Find and other bits and bobs of card advantage) make sure your hand is always full and occasionally let Professor Morgan show up. 

Fun odds and ends:
Mi-Go Warrior + Pervasive Toxemia lets me be a jerk and not let people go to stories.  It's in there as a perk, not a full strategy on its own.

Whitton Greene finds the one of Book of Iod for some extra card advantage in a pinch.  It's a big reason the book is in the deck.  Plus the book is actually good.  

Surprising find or Archaeology Interns plus Jaguar Warrior, The Festival, Whitton, and Ol' Lazy Eyes lets you shuffle away less than opportune cards while sculpting your hand.

Roald Ellsworth is most often used for card draw, but with cards like Surprising Find or Ice Shaft in your discard, he turns into some bomb recursion.  

Savio Corvi is mostly there to make your team immune to insanity.  Immunity to The Plague Stone is an added perk.  


Bancroft and his explorer buddies do a number on the competition.
