Character (33)
3x Alternative Historian R (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
2x Arctic Ethnologist (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Board of Directors (Initiations of the Favored)
2x Brette Wulffsen (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Constricting Elder Thing (Initiations of the Favored)
3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x James "Cookie" Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Many-angled Thing (The Gleaming Spiral)
2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (7)
3x Cursed Skull (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Station Eismitte (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
Event (11)
2x A Single Glimpse (Core Set)
3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
3x Unearthing the Ancients (Core Set)

INTRODUCTION:
This deck is a spin-off from an earlier deck which I have posted here - http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/miskatonic-explorer-decks-r27

I have added Yog cards which specialises on character removal which are.
1. Faceless Abductor
2. Many-Angled Thing
3. A Single Glimpse
4. Pushed into the Beyond
5. Cursed Skulls

I included Constricting Elder Thing if I want to deal with some annoying support cards (although it does not destroy them).

The overall idea of this deck is to remove characters played by your opponent and allow yourself to hopefully have the opportunity to win story uncontested giving you the additional success token.

Initially I was debating whether to have Doppelganger or Alternative Historian.  The problem with Doppelganger in this deck is that majority of the Character cards are unique and if I am going to copy the opponents' character, the problem is there may be no useful characters for me to copy if I have or going to remove them from the board.  As such, I decided to retain Alternative Historian in this deck.  The benefit of having her is also to allow me to attack stories early due to the cheap cost in playing her.

Hope you guys can experiment with this deck and see how it goes.

For card draw, other than having Alternative Historian to do the draw cards, I am using Unearthing the Ancients where it can be play cheaply due to the cost reduction made by Overworked Graduate.

