    Character (33)
    2x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
    2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
    2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
    3x Cultist of the Key (The Wailer Below)
    3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
    3x Master of the Myths R (Into Tartarus)
    3x Obsessive Elder Thing (For the Greater Good)
    2x Professor George Angell (The Sleeper Below)
    2x Servant to the Elder Things (Lost Rites)
    3x Stalking Hound (Perilous Trials)
    2x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
    Support (10)
    2x Eltdown Shards (Words of Power)
    3x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
    2x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Tear in Time (For the Greater Good)
    Event (6)
    3x Lev'l 15:13 (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x The Grand Design (Touched by the Abyss)

    The deck was used at a Regional level event on Saturday 27th June in Rayleigh (R'lyeh sounds more thematic), where I went 4-0 in swiss and then knocked out in the cut. More details about the entire thing will be in the blog section soon.

The main theme for the deck is Arcane struggles, and how I am rewarded for them whilst punishing you.
My only reward (beyond standing my characters to defend your turn), is Tear In time. Even if it only triggers the once, it draws me just as many cards as Vortex in Time, I just don't get the deck manipulation. But after that, it is pure profit. Alternatively, I can load the top of my deck, and with more than one Arcane won I can place it on top of the deck and then draw it.
For punishing, the first and main is Eltdown Shards. Since it doesn't exhaust to trigger, only rely on me winning an Arcane struggle, by winning more than one at the story I can thin down my opponent's hand, whilst also gaining knowledge of what they can do to me in future turns. The second is my prophecy, which will allow me to get rid of most characters, including those with Toughness +1.
To aid me in the quest for Arcane, I have Cultist of the Keys to give me an additional Arcane struggle, or if I won't to frustrate my opponent on their turn I can remove it. I'm also using The Grand Design as it has 2 printed Arcane, losing a Terror struggle when compared with a normal story. I though about From the First Degree to the Last, but with cost of 1 and steadfast 3 could be a speed bump for me playing cards.

I went with Master of Myths as my restricted, as Twilight Gate didn't feel the best (I am debating it however), Yithian Scouts didn't add enough, and Lost Oracle feels a waste. It also meant I often had more Arcane than my opponent whilst having cheap Willpower/Toughness for 

There are certain cards I thought about when building the deck, such as Josef Meiger (not enough Rituals/Artifacts, and makes them less likely to explode), Carl Stanford (don't feel enough Spells/Rituals to justify him other other 3 drops), Sigil of Doom combined with Wandering Tinkerer (too janky and hard to find space), and Ritual of Power (cut for space).

I didn't bother with Day cards to help Guardian of Dawn, as it would only help her, and she is there more to be cheap Investigation.

