Character (29)
2x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
3x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Obsessive Elder Thing (For the Greater Good)
3x Pawn Broker (Into Tartarus)
3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
2x Stalking Hound (Perilous Trials)
3x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Wilbur Whateley (The Key and the Gate)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
Support (7)
2x Dark Passenger (The Key and the Gate)
3x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
2x Lost City of Pnakotus (The Key and the Gate)
Event (14)
3x Hanyatl's 1:9 (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Mists of Lethe (The Key and the Gate)
3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
3x Temporal Slip (The Key and the Gate)
2x Vortex of Time (The Key and the Gate)


1st place at Tacoma Regionals. Went 4-0 in swiss (there were no byes for me) and then won the top 4 playoff.

This deck tries to play high-quality characters and disrupt the opponent with recurred spells and other stuff. Basically, almost all of the characters have good stats, so they give really good board presence. Also, there is a lot of investigation, so the deck can be really fast. Yithian Scout is really good against Cthulhu Temple decks. It is also the primary way to trigger Hanyatl's 1:9. If in the discard pile, it is a good way to trigger Red Tape (also good for this is Vortex of Time). It is also decent against Plague Stone, as is The Claret Knight.

I don't get a chance to play Wilbur very often, but he can be amazing. If I have a bunch of spells in my hand, which is common because I recur them with Ramsdale and Carl Stanford, Wilbur's discard ability can wreck an opponent's board position. Also, the cost reduction on spells can help get big Pushed Into The Beyonds for big characters.

Mists of Lethe is amazing and won me both games I played against a good agency deck.

If I had it, I would probably play Faceless Abductor instead of Pawn Broker or Obsessive Elder Thing.

