    Character (35)
    2x Corrupted Midwife (Ebla Restored)
    2x Grasping Chthonian (Initiations of the Favored)
    2x Hatchet Man (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Hungry Dark Young (Core Set)
    2x Jacob Finnegan (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Lena Di Boerio (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Mr. David Pan (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
    2x Naomi O'Bannion (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Nug (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Priestess of Bubastis (Core Set)
    2x Savio Corvi (Terror in Venice)
    2x St. Claire (The Sleeper Below)
    2x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    2x Wheelman (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Y'Golonac (Core Set)
    3x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
    1x Yeb (The Thousand Young)
    Support (6)
    2x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
    3x The Festival R (The Key and the Gate)
    1x Under the Porch (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
    Event (8)
    2x Burrowing Beneath (Core Set)
    3x Forcing the Truth (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
    3x On the Lam (Denizens of the Underworld)
    Conspiracy (2)
    2x A Cunning Ruse (Denizens of the Underworld)

    
A Deck that leverages in bringing out Nug and Y'Glonac to the board and capitalise on Savio Corvi comboing with A Cunning Ruse

First I have to say that the name of this deck is not original as I came across it from a thread discussion I started on BGG and "The Mothersucker" was first introduced by Cathorsis.

However, with some new card that card that came in, it will be interesting to see how another Shub and Syndicate be build.

Support card destruction will come from Burrowing from Beneath and Grasping Chtonian.

I have one Under the Porch is for situation when I was not able to draw Nug early.

Hungry Dark Young and Corrupted Mid-Wife will be used for Character recursion.

Due to lack of Arcane icons, Forcing the Truth can help ready one of my non-Ancient one character for defence while exhausting the opponent character.

Red-Gloved Men is to get a conspiracy card ot to set up board to trigger Savio Corvi's ability and also capitalising on his Investigation icon.

David Pan and Hatchet Man can benefit with the high skill value of the Ancient One characters.

Wheelman is the deck to (hopefully) drive the Ancient One to different stories.

I am not sure whether Cunning Ruse is the best Conspiracy card for this deck but it will prove useful when played together with Jacob Finnegan and Ya-ta-veo can to some extent deter some opponent go for that Conspiracy card (provided I have an undrained domain)

Sugg: Maybe replace Yeb with  Arthur Todd
