Character (34)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Dedicated Butler (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Fishers from Outside (Core Set)
2x Hungry Star Vampire (The Key and the Gate)
2x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
2x Servant from Out of Time (Core Set)
3x Tenebrous Nightgaunt (Terror in Venice)
2x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
Support (8)
2x Elder Chasm (The Key and the Gate)
2x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
2x Rite of the Silver Key (The Key and the Gate)
2x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
Event (8)
3x A Single Glimpse (Core Set)
3x Calling Down the Ancients (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Unspeakable Resurrection (Core Set)


Bouncing and recursion into 2nd place

This is a deck built for the GTG tournament Saturday 4th October, where players were restricted to core and deluxe boxes only - No Asylum Packs.

The premise of the deck is to simply keep their side of the board as light as possible.
Bounce them with Faceless Abductor, Fishers from Outside, Tenebrous Nightgaunt and Lord Jeffrey Farrington.
Remove them with A Single Glimpse, Calling Down the Ancients and Rite of the Silver Gate.
Get my own cards and characters back with B. Ramsdale Brown, Rite of the Silver Key, Unspeakable Resurrection and Carl Stanford.

With a reduced board presence, Zanni and Elder Chasm means they are unlikely to be able to oppose my challenges, allowing stories to generally be won in two turns due to 16 Investigation icons.

Overall I felt the deck did me well, getting 2nd place with 4 wins to only 1 loss, against 1st place (Mulletcheese).

There are changes I would make with an unrestricted card pool, although I only own 5 AP's, but one would be switching A Single Glimpse for Pushed Into the Beyond.

Hope it is an interesting deck for others, and would love to hear feedback, questions, criticisms, generally anything :)

