 Most of you by now have cracked open some packs of First Edition. After opening a few boxes I noticed several reprinted Directives, but every so often I came across a fresh, new one with loads of potential. Weapon Master was one of my favorite cards to take a deep look at in First Edition. Sort of a Find the Nuke for Agents, Weapon Master reduces the cost of all Weapons played on your Agents by 1.

Another card I took interest in after Weapon Master was Jeff Breeher, whose ability reduces all Weapons played on him by 2. Combine that with one of my favorite cards from Day 0, Head Shot, and I have limitless combinations to beat my opponent down. Potential combos raced through my mind, so I decided to make a deck with my newfound favorite combos.

Directive:
Weapon Master

Characters:
Bill Buchanan, Director of Operations
Curtis Manning, Unforgiving
Jack Bauer, Brute Force x2
Jeff Breeher, Field Agent x2
Lee Castle, Weapons Expert x2
Nadia Yassir, Well Informed
Quick Response Team, Elite Agents
Tony Almeida, CTU Director

Equipment:
9mm Parabellum x2
Accurized USP
AK-47
M-4 Carbine

Events:
Fearless
Head Shot x2
Interrogation x2
Well Trained x2

Agendas:
Taken into Custody

The breakdown of this deck is very simple, yet effective: Play weapons and beat down hard!

Since almost every character is an agent, Weapons are very easy to play, which makes Head Shot a very accessible card. Play a 9mm Parabellum on Lee Castle and he gets Expert from his ability, as well as the +1 Combat boost from his weapon making him a 4/1 Agent with Expert. The only 2 characters that are not Agents are Nadia Yassir (who recycles my beloved Head Shots) and Bill Buchanan (who gives my agents Expert).

One thing that makes this deck unique from most Agent decks is that the center focus is not our beloved madman Jack Bauer: It is based on Jeff Breeher. By your second turn you can already have Jeff Breeher in play with an M-4 Carbine on him. WHAT?! That’s right. The 4-cost Elite from Day 0, due to Weapon Master and Jeff Breeher’s ability, only costs 1 time. Jeff Breeher only costs 2 time (2 Combat/ 1 Health), so it is a fairly cheap combo to pull off.

Staple Agent Events were added, along with Taken into Custody, which is a great anti-Equipment card (with a +3 war value, might I add). I could go on and on about the different combos in this deck, but the reason this deck came to be was because I took a new card that seemed kind of cool and built the entire deck around it.

And with 250+ new cards to choose from I encourage you all to go wild and make new and innovative decks for yourselves 