#This is a Tempo deck: you start and go for a military win, the whole deck is build toward very dangerous attack phases.
#It runs little personalities, heavy gold, heavy attachements. 
#Priority is to bully one's opponent into either losing the province trade war or defending with impossible odds. whichever he chooses, you win.
#Do not be afraid of going heavy on the offense at the cost of the dynasty. Once you have bodies on the table, *can I use it now? will it improve my threat substantially? does that allow me to go for 2?* should be what dictates how you spend your gold. 
#The only thing to avoid is to let an board facing multiple units and surrender 2 or 3 provinces easily

#-Air is your default ring, except in the cases below :
#-Water is your default ring when going second to another military. Some printed battle actions and some strategies (namely, holding cells and swift sword cut) should get the tempo back at a small cost. 
#Your economy greatly outproduces anyone faster than you, so get the better board and smash with determined challenge or betrayed from within.
#-Earth is your default ring when facing political. There is also a decent chance you will simply utterly dominate him (Huge gold. the ability to muster unopposed force before attacking. harpoon. abilities negation. _And_ RoE. you're just his nightmare) so be kind to him.

1 The Fortified Monastery of the Dragon
1 Auspicious Arrival
3 Glimpse of the Unicorn
3 Ominous Revelation
3 The Blessing

3 Coastal Lane
2 Forgotten Legacy
3 Gold Mine
3 Ki-Rin's Shrine - exp2
1 Plain Library
2 Questionable Market
3 Temple of Destiny

2 Mirumoto Akifumi
3 Mirumoto Higaru
2 Mirumoto Higaru - exp
3 Mirumoto Jaikei
3 Mirumoto Reiji
3 Mirumoto Takanori
3 Mirumoto Tsukazu

1 Hidden Reserves
3 Spider Elite Sohei

3 Fubatsu Blade
2 Light Tetsubo
2 Tested Blade

1 Ring of Air
1 Ring of Earth
1 Ring of Water

3 A New Alliance
3 Betrayed from Within
3 Coward!
3 Determined Challenge
3 Holding Cells
3 Swift Sword Cut
1 Undone by the Enlightened
3 Victory Through Deference
1 Your True Colors
3 Zazen Meditation