Opening Hand:
1x Rand al’Thor (Heron-Mark Blade)
1x Heron-Mark Blade [from Rand al’Thor]
1x Ji’e’toh [Starting Advantage]
1x Remnant of a Remnant
1x Aviendha [from Remnant of a Remnant … hopefully]
1x Car a carn [yup, missing apostrophes – did I know this?]
1x Aviendha Apprenticed

Advantages (7)
1x A New Empire
1x He Who Comes With the Dawn
1x He Will Bind and Destroy Them
1x Military State
1x Rhuidean
1x The Three Fold Land
1x The Waste

Challenges (10)
3x Invasion
3x Military Dominance
3x Rule a Nation
1x Strength of Character

Characters (12)
1x Edarra
1x Erim
1x Jolien
1x Mandelain
1x Mangin
1x Melaine
1x Nandera
1x Rhuarc
1x Sept Warrior
1x Sorilea
1x Sulin
1x Urien

Events (10)
1x Blood Tide
3x Connections
2x Defensive Measures
3x Lucky Find
1x Overrun

Troops (15)
1x Chareen Aiel
1x Codarra Aiel
1x Daryne Aiel
1x Goshien Aiel
1x Miagoma Aiel
1x Nakai Aiel
1x Reyn Aiel
1x Shaarad Aiel
1x Shiande Aiel
3x Siswai’aman
1x Taardad Aiel
1x Tomanelle Aiel
1x War Party

Damn this deck is fragile. Okay, clan chiefs and the clan armies are a go big or go home play no matter how you do it. But, wow, if you don’t win Car a carn on turn one, you probably scoop to a decent player playing a decent deck. There are so many effects that interact with Car’a’carn, including getting Aviendha Apprenticed into play to recruit. Now, if you fail, you can use her to get base Aviendha. And, I guess you can Invasion back Car a carn to try again. That doesn’t sound like something you could do back in the day, but maybe it works.

This assumes that Rand doesn’t get murdered by Shadow Starting Character in the Car a carn challenge as you are stuck with Ji’e’toh instead of Lay of the Land for like Dense Forest or whatever.

Something else I did 20 years ago – play high risk, high reward decks.

Even if you do become Car’a’carn on turn one, recruiting is hellacious with clan chiefs and their clan troops. But, that’s what makes this deck cool. Not just Military State but Military Dominance, Rule a Nation, and Strength of Character (and the other stuff). Different decks should play different cards. No Moment of Transition in this deck because need those Pattern Tokens just to play cards to hit critical Military Symbol mass. Sure, Connections, Lucky Find, Invasion because CCGs are hard.

Speaking of Connections, it’s proxied in this deck. My WoT CCG collection is/was maybe as good as anyone outside the company. I have just insane numbers of rares where not every deck proxies Invasion with Incite Rebellion and Lucky Find with Lightning. So, obviously for a big baller shot caller High Lord Suitcase, I proxied Connections, a common, with the rare Carpe Fatum.
