

    Agenda
    Banner of the Rose (Core Set)

    Plot (7)
    1x Confiscation (Core Set)
    1x Counting Coppers (Core Set)
    2x Filthy Accusations (Core Set)
    1x Heads on Spikes (Core Set)
    1x Marching Orders (Core Set)
    1x Wildfire Assault (Core Set)

Order by:
Name Type Cost
Total Cards: 60

    Character (32)
    3x Dragonstone Faithful (Core Set)
    2x Left (Core Set)
    2x Littlefinger (Core Set)
    2x Maester Cressen (Core Set)
    2x Maester Lomys (Core Set)
    2x Margaery Tyrell (Core Set)
    1x Melisandre (Core Set)
    3x Randyll Tarly (Core Set)
    2x Right (Core Set)
    3x Robert Baratheon (Core Set)
    2x Selyse Baratheon (Core Set)
    2x Ser Davos Seaworth (Core Set)
    2x Shireen Baratheon (Core Set)
    2x The Knight of Flowers (Core Set)
    2x Wardens of the Reach (Core Set)
    Attachment (7)
    2x Heartsbane (Core Set)
    2x Lightbringer (Core Set)
    3x Milk of the Poppy (Core Set)
    Event (4)
    2x Consolidation of Power (Core Set)
    1x Growing Strong (Core Set)
    1x Ours is the Fury (Core Set)
    Location (17)
    2x Chamber of the Painted Table (Core Set)
    3x Dragonstone Port (Core Set)
    3x Rose Garden (Core Set)
    3x The Kingsroad (Core Set)
    3x The Red Keep (Core Set)
    3x The Roseroad (Core Set)

 
@2 Left, Right, and Shireen are solid defensive drops. Left/Right not kneeling is a little awkward with Robert, but I think it's worth it. Shireen is nice when you get Wildfire'd.

@3 Cressen, Seylse, Lomys, and Margaery are solid support drops. Lomys is good with Seylse/Margaery and can ruin Int challenges. 

@4 Wardens can get beefy with Rose Garden and non-unique in case I just need more bodies. Davos can stealth with Robert and later is recurring claim soak.

@5 Mostly just running a handful of bodies. Not R'hllor focused, so only a single Melisandre. 

@6/7 Randyll/Robert, get these two equipped and then start swinging. Randyll can't get protected from Tears by Seylse, but his weapon is fine on Knight of Flowers or Wardens of the Reach.

Events
Consolidation to stall. Miser, Growing Strong and Ours is the Fury to keep them honest.

Attachments
Milk does a body good. 

Location
Rose Garden is a reducer (and you have plenty of Tyrells) that synergizes well with the army.
Red Keep is amazing.
Chamber should be able to trigger.

