Opening Hand:
1x Demandred
1x Maidens of the Spear
1x The Bleakness
1x Couladin
1x Moment of Transition

Advantages (2)
1x Remnant of a Remnant
1x The Waste

Challenges (10)
2x Confrontation
3x Flanking Maneuvers
3x Prolonged Campaign
2x Secondary Efforts

Characters (18)
1x Aviendha
1x Bain
1x Chiad
3x Desora
1x Enaila
1x Jolien
1x Liah
1x Maira
1x Melindhra
1x Nandera
1x Sulin
3x Gray Man
1x Lord Argirin Darelos
1x Aludra

Events (17)
1x Blood Tide
3x Connections
1x Decisive Tactics
2x Further Goals
1x Guarded by Fate
1x Lucky Find
2x Moment of Transition
1x Tarmon Gai’don
2x The Dance of Spears
1x The Pattern Decrees
2x Time of Need

Troops (9)
3x Far Dareis Mai
3x Raiding Party
3x Scouting Party

So, here we go – hyperspeed. Aggro. I’m totally a Sligh player. So, I’m all over Maidens [um].

One thing that may be noticeable is that I either built speed decks or recruiting decks. There was not really a midrange concept. Confrontation would be interesting to test for a midspeed deck.

So, the game has been dead for more than 20 years. I have trouble remembering a lot of stuff, partially because as people age they have more things to remember, partially because my lifestyle is unhealthy and I don’t work on the mind hovel enough. I remember being over at Dave’s for a playtest session when I discovered that Forsaken.dec had no game against Maidens. Maira got some nerfing due to our playtesting. Forsaken were frightening when we saw them, but they were such a pain to recruit. Maidens just came out and locked them down with Maira’s obnoxious rotating ability.

I don’t know what I have in emails about this playtest feedback. Now, Forsaken.dec is playable and would probably wreck inferior deckbuilders or people without tons of rares. Like clan chiefs in terms of excruciating play costs that can eventually snowball into ridiculous dice amounts, though probably going to use some of the generally not that good One Power events in the game to do fattie control rather than just “big dice”.

