Character (30)
2x Alexander Pallas (Into Tartarus)
3x Amaranth (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Diseased Sewer Rats R (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Government Exorcist (The Spawn of the Sleeper)
2x Obsessive Detective (The Twilight Beckons)
2x Officer Gibson (For the Greater Good)
3x Ol' Lazy Eyes (Conspiracies of Chaos)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
3x Relentless Stalker (For the Greater Good)
3x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
Support (11)
2x Franklin Automobile (The Key and the Gate)
3x Ice Shaft (Never Night)
2x Prize Pistol (In Memory of Day)
2x Red Tape (For the Greater Good)
2x San Marco Basilica (Terror in Venice)
Event (6)
3x Shotgun Blast (Core Set)
3x Small Price to Pay (Core Set)
Conspiracy (3)
3x Unending Festivities (Terror in Venice)

The idea of the deck is to fetch Unending Festivities into play ASAP to lock the game down and build around this lock.

I started with the usual conspi-tutors Red Gloved Man, Amaranth and Ol' Lazy Eyes, who are usual enough to make sure that you will be able to drop a turn 1 festivities. Amaranth also can commit to conspiracies while exhausted which might help at times, even if you usually don't want to get rid of your Festivities.

After the basic building blocks for the Festivities I selected a bunch of character that can get stuck to the stories or unexhaust to help me go at stories even while the party is going on. San Marco Basilika and Franklin Automobile also help with this task.

Next I focused on controlling the opponent. Since opponent can only unexhaust one character each turn, he can only commit with 1 + anything he drops into play. This makes it much easier to handle the threats with wounding events, Prize Pistol, Ice Shaft and Rats. Best case scenario would be, that every time opponent tries to commit anything, you have removal to take care of it. Rats are of course only for defenders, but still fit the theme better than other restricted cards, though Jamburg/Shaft combo is definitely tempting.

Other than that I added in Prepared Alienist to stop opponent from tricking more characters into play, Government Exorcist to help keep stories free of opposing characters a bit better and Red Tape just to annoy (I HATE!!! that card). Officer Gibson is there just because he's cheap and pretty good.

So yeah, tutor for Festivities, freeze the game and then struggle through the freeze while blasting at the opponent with wounding effects. A bit too slow, but should be pretty powerful mid/late game.
