    Character (32)
    1x Abbess Allegria Di Biase (Terror in Venice)
    1x Amaranth (Seekers of Knowledge)
    1x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Church Operative (Terror in Venice)
    3x Government Exorcist (The Spawn of the Sleeper)
    3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
    1x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Keeper of the Silver Sphere (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
    2x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    1x Marshall Greene (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
    2x Pious Carabiniere (Terror in Venice)
    1x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
    1x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    2x Trial Judge (The Gleaming Spiral)
    2x Undercover Security (Core Set)
    3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
    Support (8)
    3x Beneath the Burning Sun (Secrets of Arkham)
    2x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
    3x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
    Event (8)
    2x Behind Bars (Sleep of the Dead)
    2x Cover Up (Perilous Trials)
    2x Deep Undercover (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Intervention (The Spoken Covenant)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x The Locked Door (Whispers in the Dark)

    
This deck is build on both Day and Conspiracy mechanics.  It has control over how opposing characters commit to stories.

This deck provides opportunities to leverage on the Day element and the Conspirator characters from both the Agency and Silver Twilight Faction.

Beneath the Sun will provide all Agency characters with additional combat icon making them more formidable to contest against in story struggles

There are 5 Day cards in this deck to allow you trigger Church Operative, Trial Judge, and Guardian of Dawn's ability more easily.  With Church Operative, your opponent will be hard-press if he decide to trigger certain effect that target at Agency character.

In order to draw a Conspiracy card fast, there are 2 Cover Up! cards.  Due to the presence of this card, I reduce the number of the Red Gloved Man to 1 so I can make space to put in more agency cards.

The weaknesses of this deck at this moment is when dealing against monster decks with Terror icons as there are not many characters and cards that deal against going insane with the exception of Marshall Greene, Undercover Security, Knight of the Eclipse if there is a Tome card presence, Abbess with a Conspiracy card in play, The Red Gloved Man and Deep Undercover.

This deck can control how your commit their characters via the use of Government Exorcist, Trial Judge, and Behind Bars. With the presence of Day card, Trial Judge can be played for 2 cost.  As further exploration of the Agency and Silver Twilight combo, more control can be exercise on your opponents commit character during story phase by having Protector of the Secrets, Rumormill, and Flush Them Out.

In general, as many of the Agency characters are weak on Arcane struggle, having Silver Twilight as the second faction is a very good complement.
