    Character (31)
    1x Amaranth (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
    2x Clover Club Bootlegger (The Twilight Beckons)
    2x Degenerate Gambler (The Gleaming Spiral)
    2x Isaac Miles (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Jiang Shi (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
    2x Lena Di Boerio (Denizens of the Underworld)
    1x Mentor to Vaughn (Kingsport Dreams)
    1x Mr. David Pan (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
    2x Naomi O'Bannion (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Ol' Lazy Eyes (Conspiracies of Chaos)
    3x Performance Artist (Core Set)
    2x Peter Clover (Seekers of Knowledge)
    1x Sieur Piriou Louis (The Key and the Gate)
    1x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Tragic Celebrity (Conspiracies of Chaos)
    2x Victoria Glasser (Core Set)
    Support (7)
    2x Guardian Pillar R (Search for the Silver Key)
    2x The Cavern of Flame (In the Dread of Night)
    3x The Seventy Steps (In Memory of Day)
    Event (9)
    2x Devolution (Search for the Silver Key)
    2x Immurement (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Intimidate (Secrets of Arkham)
    3x On the Lam (Denizens of the Underworld)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x Unending Festivities (Terror in Venice)

My version of an unending festival based deck. I selected Syndicate for exhaust effects and Hastur mainly for The Seventy Steps.

You'll see mostly characters that can commit exhausted or can have a nice function besides going to stories.

Naomi can ready herself by using On the Lam and Immurement again. The claret knight will ready himself on those cards as well and is a very good character to have in any deck.

Amaranth can go to the conspiracy exhausted, and the bootlegger and Jian Shi can go to any story exhausted. Guardian pillar as a support simply doesn't care about festivities.

Tragic celebrity draws a huge amount of cards. And if that isn't enough, with Isaac Miles recurring characters and Naomi recurring tactics, Degenerate Gambler will also draw you cards. It's no gamble if it's a sure thing ;-)

Mentor to Vaughn helps exhausting characters if Intimidate and recurring on the lam isn't enough.

If any character does get through, Peter Clover will remove them from stories. As will cavern of the flame. Black dog usually handles the lone character that does get through. And if a lot of them get through, Sieur Pirioi Loius is an awesome defender while David Pan will win most struggles due to his awesomeness.

Devolution is one of the only direct character removals in these factions and fits the theme of the deck.

The biggest problem this deck has is probably support cards on the other side, e.g. La Bella Luna (a card you can use yourself as well). Immurement helps a little, but might not be enough.

Another card that might fit is Eldritch Nexus. There's a huge amount of domain usage on the characters. I just can't make room for the Nexus though, and I always feel the card is kind of a wasted slot.