Character (36)
3x Alternative Historian R (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
3x Arctic Ethnologist (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Board of Directors (Initiations of the Favored)
2x Brette Wulffsen (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Campus Security Guard (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Dr. Laban Shrewsbury (Written and Bound)
1x Dr. Mya Badry (Ebla Restored)
2x James "Cookie" Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Maurice Diggs (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Obscure Linguist (Aspirations of Ascension)
3x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (12)
2x Forbidden Knowledge (That Which Consumes)
2x Infirmary (Words of Power)
2x Mu (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Protected by the Elder Sign (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Station Eismitte (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
Event (3)
3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge)

INTRODUCTION
After 7 years hiatus, I am getting back to CoC LCG and am dedicating my time to build thematic decks for casual play but at the same time presents a challenging experience to my friends.

THE EXPLORER SYNERGY
The idea of this deck is to make use of the characters with Explorer sub-type for each of them to provide follow benefits to other Explorer characters
Brette Wulffsen - provides each Explorer with Toughness
James "Cookie" Fredericks- gives each Explorer Fast trait
Matthew Alexander - gives an additional +1 Skill to each Explorer
Roald Ellsworth - grants Willpower to each Explorer
Arctic Ethnologist - grants Arcane icon to each Explorer

Other than Arctic Ethnologist, I only have 2 copies of the unique Explorer characters in the deck to avoid the problem of having "dead" cards in my hands.  

Ultima Thule - In addition to all the Explorer characters I have, I put in 2 copies of Ultima Thule in order play an Explorer without having to exhaust any of my domains and at the same time, put psychological pressure on my opponents as they do not know what I can put down after the Operation phase and in the Story Phase.

PROMOTING SUSTAINABILITY
As the Explorer characters depend on each other to achieve synergy, I need to find ways to keep them on the boards which resulted in me putting 3 Campus Security Guard.

Furthermore, Station Eismite helps protect the Explorers and Scientists from annoying effects triggered from character cards which can cause the the Explorers and Scientists to go insane or be removed from the table. However, it must be noted that Station Eismite does not protect characters without the subtype Explorer and Scientist especially when the opponent trigger certain abilities then force us to choose characters like those need to select one to be sacrificed.  For more info on how Station Eismite work, read here - http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1243689/station-eismite-protection

MU will help to restore characters when they go Insane due to Terror struggle or remove 1 wound from your character further 
promoting their sustainability.

Just in case, any characters are destroyed, I can get them back into my hand which is also useful and this allow me to have more cards in order to trigger Alternative Historian ability.

OVERWORKED GRADUATE - COST REDUCTION
Help reduce the costs of playing Faculty and Student characters in order to enable players of this deck to quickly play their characters and "rush" to win the stories.

THE OTHER CARDS
Dr. Laban is useful in the mid- or late-game in order to do away with an opponent's Villainous characters especially the horrifying Ancient Ones.

I have Board of Directors in this deck to allow me to quickly put down a Location friend that I want which is mainly Station Eismite and Infirmary.  Moreover, Board of Directors is an efficient card as you pay to play 2 cards and with Overworked Graduate, you only need to exhaust a domain of 1 Resource to set-up your "engine" early.

Obscure Linguist - I put in this card despite its high cost because I think it is worth playing as it allows it to choose an opponent's characters committed to a story to lose all its Icon and this can also affect Ancient Ones which is a good thing.

Whitton Greene and Alternative Historian - what more can I say.


I don't know about having Forbidden Knowledge but drawing more cards is always goods.  Problem is does not synergise with Infirmary because Infirmary only bring back M.U. character cards that are destroyed, not sacrificed.  But it may help if I have another of that character in my hand and Whitton Greene can allow me to find Forbidden Knowledge from by draw deck when she succeed at a story.

OTHER CARDS CONSIDERATION
Here are some other cards which you can considered putting into these deck.

Expert Testimony - synergise well with Overworked Graduate by only needed to pay 1 to play the card. (I didn't put in Expert Testimony as I don't want it to be to "overpowered" and win stories too fast especially where Whitton Greene and Daring Buju are present in this deck so as to maintain a casual enjoyable play and not overwhelmed my opponents.  However, if this deck is to be more competitive, definitely Expert Testimony is a good consideration)

Unearthing the Ancient - combo with Overworked Graduate and if you want to draw more cards.  Perhaps can use this to replace Forbidden Knowledge.

Cultist Journal Sketches - combo with Whitton Greene but maybe redundant since this deck already have Dr. Laban Shrewsbury.  Do have one or the other.  Try them out and see which is better.

Professor of Folklore - I see some deck has Professor of Folklore but I don't see how significant he will be in this deck due to the presence of Infirmary and also MU.  Also, you need to pay 1 and this can be problematic when all domains have been exhausted.

Anyway, players can put him to replace some other cards like MU and see how he plays out.

NOTABLE WEAKNESS
Currently I find one significant weakness of this deck is when it play against another deck with Flux Stabiliser.  This will effectively prevent Ebla and Mathew unable to be played from the hand via their abilities and render Ultima Thule useless.

