Deck Created with CardGameDB.com Call of Cthulhu Deckbuilder!

Character (30)
2x Amaranth (Seekers of Knowledge) 
2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate) 
3x Archaeology Interns (Into Tartarus) 
2x Board of Directors (Initiations of the Favored) 
3x College Prospect (Seekers of Knowledge) 
2x James &quot;Cookie&quot; Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge) 
3x Jeremiah Kirby (For the Greater Good) 
2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge) 
3x Museum Curator (The Wailer Below) 
3x Ol' Lazy Eyes (Conspiracies of Chaos) 
2x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge) 
3x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark) 


Support (12)
3x Ice Shaft (Never Night) 
3x Infirmary (Words of Power) 
3x Open for Inspection (Core Set) 
3x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge) 


Event (5)
2x Binding (Core Set) 
3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge) 


Conspiracy (3)
3x Combing the Archives (Lost Rites) 


For Miskatonic I kind of feel it's a bit of a waste not to do explorers, since they are super efficient and can hold their own in a combat unlike majority of the faction. Students/Faculty would be to other obvious strategy to go for, but I think they fit better in a dual faction deck (like student horde with Khopesh/Bells). Thus I went with the explorers and after the usual explorer stuff the deck pretty much built itself.

Combing The Archives and Open For Inspection are both super effective for weenie rush and since I went for Combing, the usual conspiracy squad made the list also. With those two, explorers and some lightning fast students the deck was just about finished. Of course I also added in staples like Infirmary, Daring Buju, Binding and Lucas Tetlow. And there's also really no good reason NOT to include some Ice Shafts for efficient removal.

The restricted card was a bit of a problem though. Matthew Alexander would fit the explorer theme well, but Alternative Historian is just too good to ignore. Eventually though I settled for one of my favourite cards in the game: Museum Curator. With his ability to fetch OfI or Shaft when needed and or help set up the infirmary/Thule/Eismitte setup he will always be super useful.

So yeah, with the Seekers Of Knowledge expansion Miskatonic kind of changed from a more of a rush/toolbox faction to explorer one trick pony, this is the usual Miskatonic setup I always go for. A bit boring but works like charm.