Character (35)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Failed Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
1x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
2x Knight of the Outer Void (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Master of the Myths R (Into Tartarus)
3x Meticulous Scribe (The Gleaming Spiral)
2x Rich Widow (Perilous Trials)
3x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
3x Unscrupulous Acquisitionist (The Gleaming Spiral)
3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
Support (7)
3x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
1x Ritual of Exclusion (The Unspeakable Pages)
3x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
Event (9)
2x Brazier Enchantment (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Pose Mundane (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Rumormill (That Which Consumes)
3x Steal the Soul (The Order of the Silver Twilight)


A mono-Silver Twilight deck that rushes to win story but can still be strong in the mid-game

KEY CHARACTERS:
The key characters in this deck are:
Failed Initiate - help to rush to put on some success tokens early in the game and with many of the low cost character, it can be used as fodder especially when playing against sacrifice deck.

Zanni - good for early- and mid-game offence

Knight of Eclipse - a strong character who can gain Willpower and Invulnerability when T'tka Halot is put into play.

Guardian of Dawn - supported by Hermetic Seal, she gained a Combat and an Arcane icons.

Knight of Outer Void - with Willpower, 2 combat Icons and an Arcane, this character is useful for both offence and defence.  She is also not susceptible to card effects that drive character insane and as such can maintain a longer board presence.  The downside is that you should have cheap characters already out in play in order to bounce them back into the hand to allow Knight of the Outer Void remain on the board.

Sarah Van Shaw - provide all Lodge characters with a Combat and an Arcane icon whenever a Ritual or Tome card is in play; this deck is supported by both Ritual of Exclusion and Hermetic Seal which can tutored by Josef Meiger.  I am still debating whether to have 3 copies of her since she is unique but often the times, I wish to have her early to have my other characters gain the benefit of her effect.

B. Ramsdale Brown - allow player to put into play two characters; pay to play one from hand and get another character from discard pile onto the board.  This provides deck efficiency.  Have 2 copies in if it is discarded when the success tokens reach Fated 3.


HOW TO PLAY THIS DECK
The way to play this deck is to have Failed Initiate or Guardian of Dawn AND Hermetic Seal in your starting hand.  Also, having Master of Myth is good in order to deny your opponents in putting down some early success tokens from winning the skill struggle.

This decks can allow the player to win stories early especially in the first or second turn as the Silver Twilight player can put into play some early 1 cost characters with Investigation icons.  With Guardian of the Dawn and Failed Initiate, if you have 3 out in the early game, it is highly possible for you to put down 3 success tokens by winning the Investigation struggle and also the Skill struggle uncontested on at least 2 stories (unless you are going against a Miska rush deck). 

Moreover, as this deck has many 1 cost characters, they can be easily used as fodder.  It can also help prepare yourself to utilise B. Ramdale Brown's ability to return those 1 cost characters you have lost from the discard pile.

Keep Lord Farrington in your hand and have him ready to bounce back threatening characters (especially the Ancient Ones) into the owners' hand.  This is one card which they have no restriction of which character it can affect.  Although, I can repeatedly play Lord Farrington by using Nathan Wick's ability, the problem is the additional cost of discarding a card which may deny me the flexibility of option especially when B. Ramsdale Brown are not in play.

Control your opponent's by using Unscrupulous Acquisitionist.  Even though your opponent may have 1 domain left undrained but by playing Unscrupulous Acquisitionist, you can deny him from playing any shenanigans especially during the story phase when all his domains are drained if your opponent choose not to sacrifice one of his character.  In addition, it is a good combo trick by using B. Ramsdale Brown to effectively bring back Unscrupulous Acquisitionist into play so as to trigger his ability again.

One of the trick that I learn to avoid putting B. Ramsdale Brown to the bottom of my deck is to bounce him back into my hand when he has 2 success tokens with Knight of the Outer Void during refresh phase.

Whenever possible, attached T'tka Halot to Knight of the Eclipse (KotE).  As the KotE gains Willpower and Invulnerability, he will be immune from being driven insane or be wounded by card effects which may cause him to lose the attachment. 

Hermetic Seal is effective in dealing with the pesky Sibilant Cry from my Cthulhu Serpent Deck, character destruction from Deep One Rising, and other adverse effects of triggered Responses or Force Responses. Josef Meiger can help player to tutor for Hermetic Seal and put that card into play early.  It must noted that Hermetic Seal does not prevent card effects triggerred by "Action".


EVENT CARDS
Rumormill - I like Rumormill because it can prevent your opponent from winning key stories.  I can also use it to slow down my opponents by forcing them to commit characters to other stories rather than the one which they are about to win.

Pose Mundane - this card can be a dead card if face against a deck with no creatures and monsters.  If this happens, just make it as a Resource.  But if there is a creature or monster presents, this can can provide an efficient play as players can remove an opponent's character with creature or monster trait and at the same time put his Lodge character with whatever cost into play.  I believe having 2 would be sufficient.

Brazier Enchantment is useful against decks with heavy Combat icons like the Agency or the Deep One Cthulhu decks.

Steal the Soul in my opinion (and I believe the opinion of others) is currently the event card for TOoST, with only 1 cost to play it can help a player maintain his character on the board such as stealing Terror icons to prevent itself to go insane.

IMPORTANT NOTE: You may have to time playing your event card carefully when you have Failed Initiate present on the board unless you don't mind sacrificing as you may already have enough of other characters for you to pressure your opponent and win the game.

OTHER CONSIDERATION
The Rays of Dawn - I can utilise its Day effect to allow Guardian of Dawn in gaining additional icons. It also helps to also eliminate 1 Terror icon from non-unique characters to allow the Silver Twilight characters with investigation tokens to win story early.  Problem is that it is not an artifact and cannot be tutored by Josef Meiger's ability.

THE INITIATE OF HUANG HUN APPROACH
Some mono-Silver Twilight decks have Eldritch Nexus and Initiate of Huang Hun (a restricted card) combo.  The additional domain from Eldritch Nexus allows the Silver Twilight players to easily play their 1 cost characters especially after Initiate of Huang Hun bounces them back into their hands.  You can replace Master of Myth with Initiate of Huang Hun and Pose Mundane with Eldrith Nexus to see give you a different experience in playing the Silver Twilight Deck.

NO ABOVE 3 COST CHARACTERS
Initially, before purchasing Terror in Venice, this deck had High Wizard of the Order and Nathan Wick.  I remove them because I find it difficult to build up to the 4 resources and pay to put them into play.  Looking at the current mono-Silver Twilight deck, all the characters have the costs capped at 3.

NO MORE CHAUNCEY SWANN
Due to limited card space, I took away Chauncey Swann for Josef Meiger because I don't find myself desire for him as I felt a little meh about his ability which can only affect himself.  Also, I find him to be underwhelming since he does not have an Investigation token unless you have a Tome in play.

CONCLUSION
With the availability of Zanni and Guardian of Dawn in my card pool in addition to Hermetic Seal, it has improved this decks tremendously as I have used them to replaced other underwhelming 1 cost characters like Young Initiate, Lodge Neophyte, and Errand Boy.

QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS ARE WELCOME. :)

