First Place Lynnwood, WA Tournament

Character (34)
3x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
3x Cannibal Ghast (Core Set)
2x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Constricting Elder Thing (Initiations of the Favored)
3x Doppelganger R (The Wailer Below)
3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
3x Protector of Secrets (Initiations of the Favored)
3x Seer of the Gate (The Mark of Madness)
2x The Sleepwalker (The Antediluvian Dreams)
3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
Support (10)
3x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
2x The Archmage’s Attaché (The Thousand Young)
3x The Black Stone (The Key and the Gate)
2x The Doorway (The Breathing Jungle)
Event (6)
3x Mists of Lethe (The Key and the Gate)
3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)


A toolbox deck that copies and bounces characters with come into play effects.

MAIN COMBOS
The main strategy is to play characters that have come into play effects and then copy or bounce them back into my hand so I can play them again.

INSPIRATION
I had originally built a spell recursion ST/Yog deck that relied on Josef Meiger and the Rite of the Silver Gate.  Unfortunately, both Josef and the Silver Gate were put on the restricted list.  When the Mark of Madness came out I saw the Seer of the Gate as a way to fill that gap.  However, the deck didn’t truly come together until I switched MoM out for the Doppelganger.  This unlocked this deck’s potential and thus spawned the Body Double! 

TACTICS
The deck doesn’t hinge on any specific combo as most of the cards have an ability that serves multiple functions.  Playing this deck well is all about finding the most efficient way to manage all the options presented by the different card combinations.  

The Doppelganger is critical to the deck.  He can adapt to an ever-changing board and become exactly what I need to succeed.  In the beginning, my favorite tactic is to copy the Seer and remove a key card that I previewed on the previous turn.  In one of my games, I was able to strip 2 Master of Myths at the same time.

Removing cards from my opponent’s hand is only effective for the first 3 rounds.  After that the deck needs to focus on keeping my opponent from committing to the stories.  This is accomplished by either copying Faceless Abductor or Protector of Secrets, or bouncing them with The Doorway.  Finally, I use August Lindquist and B. Ramsdale Brown to recycle Mists of Lethe or Pushed into the Beyond as my closer.

FINAL THOUGHTS
The big lesson I learned from playing this deck is not to get rattled by letting your opponent put down tokens.  In 3 of the 4 games I played, I was able to win stories where my opponent had already placed 4 tokens.  I found that this deck is just like MacGyver; it has all the tools necessary to turn a desperate situation into a win!

