As It Was Meant To Be - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Major Agenda". If the top card on your discard pile is a character, enhancement, group or fleet you may purge a Destiny Mark as an action to put that card into your hand. Your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark each time you initiate and win a conflict. Count each character you control with a Destiny Mark as 1 power.

Crisis of Self - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Lost Aftermath".

Defense in Depth - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) All of your fleets gain +2 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict. All of your locations gain +5 Military. Your influence rating is increased by 1 for each location of your race you control.

Finish the War - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Once per turn you may lose 1 influence to raise your tension toward the Humans by 1. If your tension toward the Humans is at 5, you may declare war conflicts against human factions and they may declare war conflicts against you.

Hidden Agent - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target your ambassador. Select another faction that participated in the conflict. Discard any Hidden Agent that faction has affecting your faction. The selected player must choose and show you his face-down conflict card before you choose your conflict each turn.

Higher Calling - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Count each 2 Destiny Marks your characters have as 1 power. Your ambassador gains +4 to each of his abilities while participating in any conflict which can result in your faction gaining a Destiny Mark. Shadow Marks and Vorlon Marks on all characters for all factions count double.

Imperialism - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains +2 Leadership. Gain +2 influence for each location you capture. Lose 2 influence if a location you control is captured. You may use captured locations as if they were your own.

In the Line of Duty - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Play when a limited supporting character was neutralized during an attack. Remove the character from play. (No copy of the character can reenter play.) (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Infiltrate and Exploit - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Apply 5 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. Choose one of the following goals, which will occur if successful: Gain +1 influence; Your target losts 1 influence; Choose a target ability, your ambassador will gain a permanent bonus (which can accumulate) of +1 to that ability.

Knowledge is Power - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains +2 Intrigue. Apply 7 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. If you win by 5 or more, your target must either discard an Inner Circle character, or you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence.

Leading the Races - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) For each Destiny Mark your ambassador has, the cost for you to sponsor any character is reduced by 1. Count each racial type (including Neutral characters and Non-Aligned) represented by a character in your Inner Circle as 1 power.

Maintain the Peace - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) You must have at least 20 Military in ready fleets to sponsor this agenda. Rotates as an action to initiate a Military conflict targeting one other Military conflict. If, at the beginning of resolution, this conflict has more support that its target conflict, neither conflict resolves. Each turn no Military conflict resolves, place a peace token on this agenda. Whenever a Military conflict resolves, remove all peace tokens. Count each peace token as 1 power.

Meddling with Others - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Apply 5 influence to initiate one conflict against a target race: Intrigue: if successful, the target's unrest increases by 1. Diplomacy: If successful, factions of the target race lose 1 influence. Military: If successful, the cost for all players to sponsor fleets of that race increases by 1.

Peace in Our Time - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Count ever 3 points of Babylon 5 influence as 1 power. Target a race. You may apply 10 influence plus 1 per fleet of that race in play to lower that race's tension toward one other race by 1.

Personal Enemies - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target the ambassador. The ambassador's controller must apply 1 influence to rotate his ambassador during his action.

Repairing the Past - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Discard one aftermath that targets a card in your faction, or that targets your faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Reverse Advances - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Discard one aftermath that targets a card in another player's faction, or that targets his faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Secondary Experience - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Won Aftermath".

Seizing Advantage - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Pay 5 influence (in addition to other conflict requirements) to play a conflict card from another player's discard pile (as if it were from your hand). Each time your faction neutralizes a character with an attack and the character is discarded that same turn, your neutralizing character gains a Doom Mark and your faction (permanently) gains +1 power.

