House (1)
House Baratheon Core x1

Agenda (1)
The Brotherhood Without Banners RoR x1

Plot (7)
Summoning Season Core x1
Let My Porridge Fly PotS x1
Lineage and Legacy KotStorm x1
Mutual Enemies Core x1
Retaliation! ASoSilence x1
Valar Morghulis Core x1
Good for the Gander Core x1

Character (30)
Anguy the Archer DB x1
Beric Dondarrion IG x2
Fanatical Follower KotStorm x3
Former Champion PotS x1
Jack-be-Lucky OSaS x1
Lady Stoneheart MotM x1
Lem Lemoncloak MotM x1
Orphaned Recruit OSaS x3
Shae Core x1
The Mad Huntsman ASoSilence x1
Thoros of Myr RoR x1
Tom Sevenstrings RoR x1
Robert's Loyalists IG x3
Marya Seaworth KotStorm x1
Robert Baratheon Core x1
Salladhor Saan KotStorm x1
Vanguard Lancer KotStorm x3
Ser Eldon Estermont MotM x1
Maester Cressen Core x1
Melisandre RotO x1
Renly's Courtier Core x1

Location (12)
King Robert's Chambers Core x1
Narrow Sea Core x3
Stoney Sept DB x1
Stormlands Fiefdoms Core x2
Street of Steel Core x1
The Roseroad KotStorm x2
The Searoad KotStorm x2

Attachment (5)
Flaming Sword DB x3
Motley Core x1
Rusted Sword PotS x1

Event (13)
Gossip and Lies OSaS x3
Narrow Escape KotStorm x1
Nightmares LoW x3
Parting Blow PotS x2
Retreat Core x1
The Dragon's Tail PotS x2
Westeros Bleeds Core x1

Beric out using brotherhood agenda should keep him in the game indefinitely, toss on a flaming sword to speed up renown intake. Also Mel for more on unapposed challenges.

Included Eldon to wreak havoc on non renown defenders and draw some of the grief from Beric.

Have a few cards such as Cressen, Salladhor Saan, and Renly Courtier for support in removing attachments, blanking text and discarding locations.

Locations I stacked gold producing limiteds which will be slower coming out, but free in value. Also adds +str for Fanatical Followers. Included Fiefdoms and Narrow Seas for influence if needed and cut cost of characters.

Gossip and Lies for a huge boost in str during challenges, increaseing as more is placed on Beric. \\r\\n\\r\\nStandard plot selection, I chose to go with Good for the Gander as an opener, likely catching a free summoning season or building season. I'm thinking since so much relies on Beric I may want the summoning season in also. May tweek that.