Affiliation: Imperial Navy




2 Deploy the Fleet
2 Enforced Loyalty
1 Imperial Blockade
2 Might of the Empire
1 Repair and Refurbish
2 The Tarkin Doctrine

Deploy the Fleet: Includes a number of very god resources in the set, and with the objective at startup you can start very aggressive by risking some damage to your own objective. The star destroyers in the set are expensive, but the shielding and thee black blast damage can ensure you push through a lot of damage.

Might of the Empire is one of the objectives to look at for on setup, with Elite on your capital ships being a big benefit. Not only can they be committed to the force reliably, but also give a much better resistance against tactics heavy decks. Fleet Staging Area is such a great resource in this deck, I would rarely mulligan with it in starting hand. Chimera is one of the best star destroyers in the game.

Enforced Loyalty needs no introductions, and can be extremely oppressive for the opponent to play against, especially if paired with The Tarkin Doctrine. This is not the main purpose of the set in this deck, but rather having Yularen and The Imperial Fist to shift damage from your own objectives over to the opponent. Unless the LS player can manage to destroy objective in one engagement, she risks having the damage pushed back on the LS objectives thus furthering your own game plan.  After The Imperial Fist, the unassuming MSE-6 droid is the second best card in this deck.

The Tarking Doctrine is the set in this deck that is the least focused on hurting your opponent, and instead giving you the tools to control problem cards and to deal with opponents tricks. The objective is a great way of ensuring your key objectives remain undamaged, with Imperial Blockade and Repair and refurbish being excellent candidates even if you don't have Enforced Loyalty on the board.
Tarkin himself is just very versatile in dealing with characters such as Yoda and Leia, as well as pilots and other LS attachements. The Assault Team can using Targeted Strike to great effect. Moment of Triumph is especially good against rebel fighter decks, who are one of the decks that you can struggle with being faster at doing damage to objectives than you. Some people might also take great joy in blasting those Ewoks, but YMMV.
And Twist. I could include the set just for this cards, but instead you have one of the most versatile Navy pods in the game, with Twist. Remember, that card in your opponent's edge stack is always a Twist, except when it's not.

Imperial Blockade is another fantastic card to see in your starting objectives. On its own it can really slow down your opponent for the first few turns, and combined with Rule by Fear you can really you the breaks on your opponent. With the release of Imperial Entanglements you are much more likely to see this objective remain undamaged, with Tarking Doctrine keeping opponents away, and Yularen, Imperial Fist and Thunderflare sending any damage straight back to your opponent.
The main character in this pod is Needa, which with a net 3 resource per turn for you a a complete beast. Expect the LS player to try kill him on sight. The rest of the pod is mediocre, and the cards often end up in the edge stack.

Repair and Refurbish objective itself and the awesome star destroyer Thunderflare are both excellent at ensuring the damage dealt by the LS player is slowed down sufficient so you can close out the game. 
This pod also have some excellent chud resource characters that really can accelerate the deck. Just make sure you remember these guys are expendable when you play Moment of Triumph.

It can be difficult holding the force with this deck against any LS player who put even a small amount of effort keeping it from you. This can make it hard keeping the key objectives undamaged.
With the dial increasing slowly, it is often the most reliable plan to aim for destroying 4 LS objectives. This can be done relatively quickly reliably if can get Imperial Fist and/or Yularen working for you. 
Remember this is not a control deck, and it can be hard for you to keep the LS player from attacking and damaging your objectives. Just make sure you kill her objectives faster, and with some of the tools in this deck it should be possible to slow her down sufficiently to achieve this aim.