Affilation: Scum and Villainy


Objective (11)

2 Across the Jundland Wastes
2 Behind the Black Sun
1 I Don't Like You, Either
1 Reconnaissance Mission
2 Shadowed Surveillance
2 The Scavengers
1 The Tatooine Crash

This deck can shut down LS decks in a variety of ways. On the flop I try to either double Jundland or not at all (obviously not if I suspect vehicles). Jundland obviously locks down your own characters, but 10 of your scavengers recur with ease and your creatures, creatures and droids (Guri) are not affected. 

Beyond Jundland's suppression, you have 13 tactics and a whole lot of guns in this deck. Yes, you have to win edge, but that is easy in this deck with three twists and a bantha+scavenger recurrence combo. As long as you keep recurring your scavengers, you keep pulling 3 and 2 pip enhancements back into hand for the edge battle. When you win the edge battle, drop in the droids from RM and tactics out your opponent. If you lose the edge battle, drop in Guri. Plan on getting one of your units shot, drop in the Jawa Scrap Dealers for free. Your units should just keep coming until there's no hope for the LS. 

You can also use Watchful eyes to set up a board wipe. Make sure to bring back as many scavengers as you can, let the objective fall, and then start fresh with your free/cheap units (of which you have 30). My tournament LS deck only has 22. That disparity will pan out over the course of a game. 

Dr. E will help shut down LS mains. Guri's set will help with unit removal. Play this deck to win the edge, control the board. You can put on some objective damage bit by bit and usually take 2 objectives. Holding the force looks impossible. The plan is to have far more units than your opponent, locking them up with tactics, and committing a recurring/soon to die unit to keep LS from balancing. You'll probably double click only a couple of times with this deck. Is that a deal breaker? Test it for yourself and see.  

Don't forget to use Utinni! on their initial resource enhancement (hopefully a 2-1), and disrupt their deck's synergy by using Tatooine Crash. Work on getting those free drops (HRDs, Guri, JSDs) Mainly, win the edge. Focus on cycling those high pip enhancements. Even discard one during the draw phase when you know you'll be playing a scavenger with a bantha on the table to cycle your deck faster. 

Played this in store tournament before shadowed surveillance came out. Decided it would fit well into this deck with all the edge battle tricks. 