Affiliation: Sith




1 Hunter for Hire
1 Out of the MIsts
2 Power of the Dark Side (Galactic Ambitions 219-1)
2 The Hunter's Flight
1 The Hutt's Menagerie
1 The Spice Trade (New Alliances 195-1)
2 There is No Conflict (Ancient Rivals 234-1)

Just a heads up, this will be a long description.

I've wanted to make an exposé on this deck for a long time because a lot of the decks I've made have been the result of someone else's input from the forum. This deck is (mostly) my idea and it performs pretty well.

I really wanted to find a use for Opposition's Vader since he came out. For all intents and purposes, Dark Lord is the best Vader pod but I wasn't deterred. 

This Vader obviously requires a lot of fate cards to work well. The only problem is that not too many Sith pods come with them and if you're gonna run mono-Sith you might as well run Dark Lord instead. I've considered some sort of Vader/Piett combo and while the idea is interesting, I haven't really experimented with that idea and I don't think it'd be all that great.

So Sith/Scum came up. I built this deck a bit after Letux took GenCon and I was really inspired by his Sith/Scum deck. The only problem is that this Vader is Sith-only and that bars you from great Scum pods like Xizor and IDLYE.  But I still wasn't deterred.

Sith had to be the 4 in 4/6 split and GA Palp is just a natural companion to Vader. His inclusion was also inspired by Letux. I also wanted to see if I could include a lot of Force Sensitives in this deck to get more mileage off of Palpatine.

I always wanted to include Hunter's Flight in a deck but never found a good use for it until this deck came around. There may not be any Force Sensitives, but it's a 2-resource pod with two mains, great edge, a resource and a fate card. I'm never afraid to play Boba as a regular unit because in my opinion he's a slightly better DS equivalent to Jan Dodonna. His cost also gets reduced with Den of Thieves and I've had multiple occasions where I've been able to deploy him for two.

Hunter for Hire and Out of the Mists offer Force Sensitives in the Lackeys/Zuckuss. They also have resources, fate cards and good edge. There's also quite a few targets for Out of Mist and the high edge of this deck means that being able to trigger the objective and Quick Hunt isn't going to be unrealistic. 

Spice Trade needs no explanation. Menagerie is a solid way to round out the deck. With Malakili I can tutor the Spiders or the Rancor. Jabba's Summons can help me find a variety of Bounty Hunters and I'm never going to be disappointed in Bubo (who can be tutored via Out of the Mists along with Malakiki) or Underground Entertainment.

To my surprise, the deck has performed consistently well and it helped me reach second place in a tourney earlier in the year. The cons of this deck though are that it's kind of expensive (over half of the resources are 2/1s and that can slow your tempo down if you don't draw a 2-resource objective on the opening flop). There's also no Twist in the deck. In order to keep the 4/6 split your only option is Tat Crash and I don't really like any of the cards in there. If I wanted it in there I would swap it for either Menagerie or Out of the Mists. I've even mulled over Recon Mission although that essentially creates a 5/5 split and that's very risky.

I don't have an explicit strategy for this deck other than to just play it and see how it works. It's got a solid mix of both offense and defense.

If you got to this point, thank you for reading! This deck was a real labor for love for me.
