Affiliation: Imperial Navy

2 Agent of the Emperor
2 Dark Lord of the Sith
2 Merciless Plans
2 The Emperor's Promise
2 The Ultimate Power

// In the original Superlaser Mission deck thread, there were two archetypes that popped up. The first and most prominent was The Promise of Loyalty. This focuses on putting the hurt on LS with evil objectives like Dark Lord, Enforced Loyalty, Emperor's Promise and Stygeon Prime. Kiramode did an excellent deck spotlight on this that I'd recommend watching.

// The other is the Ultimate Promise. Where the other archetype is less focused on blowing up missions, this one is all about being aggressive by wiping your opponent's board. 

// I find this version to be a bit simpler to play. It's got the standard things you'd expect in a Tier 1 deck (high edge, six resources, can trigger Dark Lord consistently).  Another thing that I'm a big fan of in this deck is that there's a real emphasis on targeted strike between Vader, Mara and Boc that allows for strong unit removal. I understand that Boc is the weakest link, but this deck really optimizes him and when you have a mission out, he's one of the best Sith mains in my opinion. Even if you don't have a mission out, there's four lightsabers in the deck that can turn him into a three black gun Elite defender. 

// If you think that running five doubles is bad deckbuilding, there is room for diversification. If you don't like Boc as a two-of, Mission Command is a very solid choice to get a fourth mission in. The chuds are real movers even without a mission in play due to a lot of mixed LS decks, the mission itself acts like a pseudo Dark Genocide for the aforementioned reason and the objective is also incredibly solid in this deck and doesn't hurt your ability to trigger Dark Lord that much.

// If you don't like running double Mara, Janus is another way to get a Sith Library. If you're running Janus and Mission Command, you also have a bunch of tricks to focus down your opponents units with Telekinetic Strike, Administrative Detainment and Filthy Accusations. 
