    Character (33)
    3x Church Operative (Terror in Venice)
    2x Grete Wagner (For the Greater Good)
    3x Interrogator (For the Greater Good)
    2x Marshall Greene (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
    3x Obsessive Detective (The Twilight Beckons)
    2x Officer Gibson (For the Greater Good)
    3x Peerless Tracker (For the Greater Good)
    2x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Relentless Stalker (For the Greater Good)
    3x Supernatural Investigator (For the Greater Good)
    2x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    3x Trial Judge (The Gleaming Spiral)
    2x Veteran Monster Hunter (For the Greater Good)
    Support (9)
    2x Beneath the Burning Sun (Secrets of Arkham)
    2x Daemonolatreia (Lost Rites)
    2x San Marco Basilica (Terror in Venice)
    1x Snowmobile (For the Greater Good)
    2x Under Surveillance (For the Greater Good)
    Event (6)
    1x Cover Up (Perilous Trials)
    2x Deep Undercover (Denizens of the Underworld)
    3x Shotgun Blast (Core Set)
    Conspiracy (2)
    2x The Great Work (For the Greater Good)

    
My first attempt in making a mono-Agency Hunter deck with the idea of control using The Great Work, Daemonolatreia, Prepared Alienist and Church Operative

I saw the synergy between Obssesive Detective and Relentless Stalker being discussed in another deck so I thought I would incorporate the two cards into the deck.

Relentless Stalker supported by Beneath the Burning Sun will be make him even scarier and can help discourage opponents from committing to the story.

Church Operative supported by Day cards will make it more painful for the opponent to target my Agency characters.  I think he can combo well with The Blackwood Initiative conspiracy card but I don't know how to manage this card yet.  I think if someone wants to incorporate Blackwood Initiative, he should also include some card drawing engine into the deck.


Cover Up! and The Red Gloved Men is used in tutor The Great Work.

However, I am uncertain whether there will be too much redundancy in having The Great Work, Daemonolatreia, and Prepared Alienist cards. 

Having San Marco Basilica can help ready characters despite the lack of Arcane icons. This support cards combo well with Trial Judge.

The deck as a fair amount of low cost characters in the form of Interrogator, Office Gibson, Supernatural Investigator, Church Operative, Obsessive Detective, Relentless Stalker, and Trial Judge if Day card is on the board.  This can provide a rush potential to this deck.

One Snowmobile is put int mainly for fun measure.