    Character (32)
    3x Baleful Reveler (Terror in Venice)
    2x Bill Strauss (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
    3x Carnevale Sentinel (Terror in Venice)
    1x Displaced Cthonian (Conspiracies of Chaos)
    1x Fence (Lost Rites)
    3x Grasping Chthonian (Initiations of the Favored)
    2x Hack Journalist (Dunwich Denizens)
    2x Karin Marley (Ebla Restored)
    3x Marine Salvager (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Savio Corvi (Terror in Venice)
    1x Shudde M'ell (The Gleaming Spiral)
    3x Telepathic Chthonian (The Gleaming Spiral)
    1x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    1x Tommy Malloy (Denizens of the Underworld)
    1x William Bain (Kingsport Dreams)
    1x Y'Golonac (Core Set)
    Support (17)
    1x Bauta (Terror in Venice)
    1x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
    1x Concrete and Chains (Denizens of the Underworld)
    1x Daemonolatreia (Lost Rites)
    1x Dimensional Rift (Secrets of Arkham)
    1x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
    1x Lethargic Miasma (The Breathing Jungle)
    1x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
    1x Satchel of the Void (Initiations of the Favored)
    1x Shotgun (Core Set)
    1x The Black Stone (The Key and the Gate)
    3x The Festival R (The Key and the Gate)
    1x The King In Yellow Folio (Lost Rites)
    1x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
    1x Urumi (The Unspeakable Pages)
    Event (0)
    Conspiracy (1)
    1x Negotium Perambulans in Tenebris (Dunwich Denizens)

    This is the deck that I used at the Montreal Tournament, it was pretty interesting but needed some tuning to be really competitive. I've altered it slightly, compromising on the theme in favor of making it more efficient late-game. 

The deck is relatively simple and revolves around two core cards: the restricted "The Festival" and more conspicuous Marine Salvager. A starting hand should contain one of these two, and if you've got both, the show gets started!!!

The mechanic is as follows: as you all might have noticed, the deck contained [Support] cards from virtually every faction. These can be modified as you like to include the best support cards without regards for Steadfast or resource-match cost. Once you've got a festival out of the field, it becomes easy to search the deck for them, resource them then sacrifice them the next turn. This later allows your Marine Salvager to play them with relative ease. 

When the festival is not busy destroying resources, it can bring another copy of itself and destroy that- ramping up mana very quickly. 

Other mechanics that work really well together: mariner, concrete and chains and the Telepathic Cthonian. Once concrete and chains destroys a character, its also destroyed (as it is no longer attached) forcing the opponent to sacrifice another character. 

The Book of Iod is a great draw engine which allows you to put your support cards into the Grave, same with Bill Strauss.  Karen the NightWitch helps you find that first festivals faster, and she's pretty cheap. 

The King In Yellow Folio slows down miskatonic rush decks considerably, and Y'Golonac allows you to use any character equipped with the book on the offensive and still defend with him despite the lack of lore struggles at his story. Same with Uremi, cheap weapon which causes horrific prospects at any story. 

The black dog is a way to drain problematic domains (And a great defensive unit), same with the shotgun- but i've never encountered that problem. 

I removed Ia Ia Shudde M'ell, Sinkhole! and Tremors in Favor of Hack Journalists to make the deck more competitive.  The main problem with it was that it was quite slow- but managed to grind opponents to a  halt by having a response to stuff. With two hack journalist should be more than enough to turn the tide and claim those stories which the opponent has tried rushing early on as you setup your machine. 

Theme Sidenote- The theme of the deck is of course, A mysterious Festival used as a smuggling front by the syndicate. Little do the criminals know that the real ringleaders behind the show are the horrific Cthonians... 

Nonetheless, its the perfect place for the Red Gloved Man to find the artifact's looking for... 

