Character (28)
2x Byakhee Servant (Core Set)
1x Crazed Arsonist (Whispers in the Dark)
3x Dangerous Inmate (Screams from Within)
3x Deranged Diva (Words of Power)
2x Elise Warren (Written and Bound)
3x Government Exorcist (The Spawn of the Sleeper)
2x Long-Dead Prince (The Antediluvian Dreams)
3x New Recruit (Initiations of the Favored)
2x Sieur Piriou Louis (The Key and the Gate)
3x Stealthy Byakhee (The Terror of the Tides)
3x The Marked (Touched by the Abyss)
1x Thing from Nightmare (Screams from Within)
Support (5)
2x Arkham Asylum (Core Set)
3x Stygian Eye R (Into Tartarus)
Event (18)
2x Apeirophobia (Never Night)
2x Devolution (Search for the Silver Key)
1x Devoured by Shadow (Aspirations of Ascension)
2x Flush them Out (Written and Bound)
1x Hali's Directive (Denizens of the Underworld)
1x Named by the Unnameable (The Unspeakable Pages)
2x Short Fuse (Core Set)
3x Shotgun Blast (Core Set)
3x Small Price to Pay (Core Set)
1x The Greatest Fear... (Secrets of Arkham)


A control deck focus on Insanity effect and Wounding with good measure of controlling fight for story cards

As the name goes, this deck focuses on using controlling cards from Hastur to force opponents' characters to go insane or to deliver wounds via Agency cards.  Earlier on as I attempted to build a mono-Hastur deck but such decks will often face the problems when going against other Monster decks which often have characters possessing Terror Icons or Human decks are strong on Willpower (namely Agency).

Moreover, within the curent card pool, there is an increase in number of characters with Willpower or characters that provides others Willpower trait like Clover Club Pit Boss (Denizen of the Underworld) and Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge).  As such, I find it difficult to build a mono-Hastur deck that can focus on making characters goes insane. Even now a strategy to take control of another character using Infernal Obsession, Stygian Eyes, and Blind Submission can be thwarted by Prepared Alienist.

If you have build any "workable" mono-Hastur decks (not necessary it must be for competitive play), please kindly share them here.

This inherent problems within Hastur faction in dealing with characters having Terror Icons and Willpower has led me to think of how it can be combined with other factions.  My initial effort has resulting in creating a Hastur-Agency deck.  Though Hastur can also be combined with Yog for its many character removal cards, Syndicate for its exhaustion and uncommit trickery, and perhaps even Cthulhu for destruction and sacrifice but I have used many cards from these  factions to build a mono-Deck. :(

MAKING CHARACTERS GO INSANE
This can be achieved by using Deranged Diva and Dangerous Inmate.  There are supported by Arkham Asylum so I can restore them and trigger their effects again.  Sieour Piriou Louis is used very much for defence purposes,  If function very much like Ravager of the Deep but instead of wounding characters, it causes all of them to go insane.  Since I need to find ways dealing with characters with Terror Icons, I have 3 copies of the Mark which can effectively eliminate all Terror Icons possessed by non-Ancient One characters  His effects can be easily triggered because characters on the board including mine will often go insane.

Since there will often be a proliferation of insane characters, I can easily played out Thing from Nightmare by paying 1 cost only.  In addition, the high number of insane characters on the board will support Elise Warden and make her insusceptible to any targeted effect.

Other cards consideration: Players of this deck can consider putting in The Enchanted Wood.  This can effectively make even Ancient One characters susceptible to insanity effects. (Problem I only have 1 copy of this card and can't remember where I put it :(   )

WOUND CARDS
Shotgun Blast and Short Fuse is used to wound and remove characters on the board.  I like the fact that some players fall into false sense of security by having characters with Toughness and then get blown up by Short Fuse.  Small Price to Pay is used as a cheap measure to deal my opponent characters.  If it quite flexible as if my opponent has characters which is Invulnerable, I can often choose this opposing characters to go insane and one of my characters (mainly New Recruit) to take the wound. :)

I find Devolution to be quite a good card to use despite its high cost as this can affect two characters.  One of them can go exhausted and the other one with lower skill will get wounded.  However, to some players, this card may not be so easily use and they are required to make careful decision which two characters to be targeted.

STORY CONTROL
For this, I have Government Exorcist and Stealthy Byahkee in preventing characters from committing to the same story I am targeting.  These two cards synergise so well together as a "tag-team".  They can effectively halt the offence of Ancient Ones and can often win Story uncontested.

Flushed Them Out.  This is a good control card (albeit costly) to force all his characters to be committed to a single story which he is not targeting.  It is also quite fun to see your opponent attempt to spread out his characters to avoid the adverse effect of Siriou and then you play Flushed Them Out and move all his characters to a single story. Ha! Ha! :D

I put in single copy of Devoured by Shadow and Named by the Unnameable for fun measures as I hate to see these cards not getting used.

OTHER CONTROL CARDS
Apeirophobia which can force opponents to either discard cards or to sacrifice their characters.
Stygian Eyes; cheaper than Infernal Obsession and we can recyle it in our deck.  Since this will be a character card goes insane if not protected by Terror Icons or Willpower, it can help set up the game state to support Elise and The Marked.

LOW COSTER
In order to put out some early characters, I have Long-Dead Prince and New Recruit.  Although some suggested to put in Performance Artist, I dislike the fact that I have to sacrifice her to trigger her ability and she does not have any icons.

GREATEST FEAR FOR THE WIN
I have a single copy of the The Greatest Fear... to make a final push to win the game.  Instead of using this on my opponent, i use this on myself making sure that the cards that will be discarded randomly will either be an event or support cards.  To play this successfully, timing and hand-management is important.

Other card consideration: 
- Agoraphobia and Blind Submission (but have used this in my Mi-Go deck).
- Cavern of Flame; you can put this in by removing Hali's Directive, Devoured by Shadow, or Named by the Unnameable.
- Horrifying Dreams; problem is that his card is Loyal
- Hamu XX 15:14; probably have 1 copy of this card for fun to get back my wounding and other control cards
- Polar Mirage
- White Out
- At the Night They Roam

