Character (28)
3x Anthropology Advisor (Core Set)
3x Blackwood File Clerk (Core Set)
3x Chess Prodigy (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
2x James Logan R (Whispers in the Dark)
1x Kirby O'Donnell (Core Set)
2x Local Sheriff (Core Set)
2x Marshall Greene (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
2x Norman Blackwood, Sr. (The Key and the Gate)
2x Steve Clarney (Core Set)
2x Student Archaeologist (Core Set)
1x Thomas F. Malone (Core Set)
3x Undercover Security (Core Set)
2x Visiting Author (Core Set)
Support (10)
2x Flux Stabilizer (Perilous Trials)
2x Machete (Murmurs of Evil)
3x Prize Pistol (In Memory of Day)
2x Scientific Text (Secrets of Arkham)
1x Springfield M1903 (The Cacophony)
Event (13)
3x Behind Bars (Sleep of the Dead)
2x Deep Undercover (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Intervention (The Spoken Covenant)
3x Misinformation (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Torch the Joint! (Core Set)


An Investigator with discount from Anthropology Advisor and wounding power

INTRODUCTION
This is one of the "basic" human faction decks that I use to play against new players who are introduced to CoC.  Often I would give my Mono-Cthulhu Deep One deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/mono-cthulhu-deep-one-deck-r26) to a new player and me playing this Miska-Agency Investigator Deck.

KEY STRATEGIES
The strategy of this deck is to get Anthropology Advisor in your starting hand and play him on the first turn using either Visiting Author or Local Sheriff.  Once he is out, it is possible during the first turn to play the 2 cost characters such as Undercover Security, Blackwood Clerk, and Student Archaeologist.

CONTROL FROM CHESS PRODIGY
I find Chess Prodigy is very good character to control the determination of the story struggle which add difficulty to the opponent on how they should attack and defend.  And with the additional investigation icons granted by Anthropology Advisor to all Investigator, it helps to ensure Chess Prodigy win the struggle in which he choose to resolve using Investigation icons especially when going against other human faction decks.

FLUX STABILISER
Initially, I don't have Flux Stabiliser in this and had problem dealing with Dreamland Fanatic and Hydra's ability in the mid-game.  With the presence of this card, my opponent would be force to spend his Deep One Assault to destroy this card to allow him in activating Hydra's ability to bring back some Deep Ones from the discard pile.

INTERVENTION
Intervention is good as a surprise card during the Story Phase and can help a player place a success token when defending against story.

BEHIND BARS
Due to lack of card space, I was thinking whether to have Shotgun Blast or Behind Bars.  I opted for the latter as the latter does not require me to exhaust any Domains to play the card which free them to play out characters if needed and to surprise my opponent if they wanted to attack stories especially preventing their Ancient One characters from committing.

Also, Shotgun Blast is highly situational as it will not work against characters with Invulnerability or to immediately destroy characters with Toughness.

MISINFORMATION
This card is so useful in this deck because it is 0 cost to play.  Also, once I have Anthropology Advisor out, many of my Investigator would have at least 2 Investigation icons to enable me to play this card.  This can significantly slow down my opponent when they think they can achieve victory in winning a story.

DEEP UNDERCOVER
Often I use Deep Undercover on a character to gain the Willpower and Invulnerability.  This card can be effectively use on blocker to prevent the opponent of winning a story uncontested especially in the early game.

JAMES LOGAN AND PRIZE PISTOL
It is interesting when I am able to play James Logan in the mid-game bringing with him a Machette or Springfield and a prize pistol.  This will allow me to be able to wound a character of 5 skill or below in a turn.  Or alternatively, I can have him equipped with 2 Prize Pistol which will allow James Logan to shoot at two target with 4 Skill value or below.

The Machete, Springfield and Prize Pistol combo can also work for other Agency characters.  However, the danger to this kind of play is putting your attachments in one basket which make the characters with two or more attachments as target of destruction such as from Deep One Assault.

TAKING OUT ALEXANDER PALLAS AND DR. CORNELIOUS ROSE
Initially I have Alexander Pallas and Dr. Cornelius in this deck but I don't find them to performed very well.  For the former, this is not a highly destructive deck so it seldom I get the opportunity to trigger Alex's ability.  In addition, I don't want my characters to be destroyed too often and this further reduces the chances of his ability getting triggered.

Personally, I don't find Dr. Cornelius Rose ability to have high impact in the game nor can he put much pressure against the opponent.  Somehow, I am more in favour of having Thomas F. Malone and Kirby O'Donnell who also have abilities that interact with Villainous characters into the deck.

NORMAN BLACKWOOD SR.
When I tested deck against my Mono-Cthulhu Deep One deck, Blackwood Sr. performs so well Cancelling a wound inflicted to my Investigator characters and then send it to my opponent characters put tremendous pressure on them on how they could attack and defend a story.  He is so well positioned in this deck because all of my characters are Investigators except for James Logan.

He works well with Steve Clarney as when he is committed to story, all Characters lose their Toughness and this help me to effectively deal some of the Deep One characters (e.g. Backwater Deep One, Ravager of the Deep, Silent Mover) and also Hydra.

FOR CARD DRAW
I play Scientific Text but this may not be enough.  A player can consider using Educated Officer in replacement of another 2 or 3 cards but which at the current moment I am not sure what to throw out.

FOR BEGINNERS TO USE
I would recommend to take out Norman Blackwood Sr. out of the deck if a beginner is playing CoC for the first time to avoid introducing to them additional mechanics which may make it complicated to them in playing.

FIRST VERSION OF THIS DECK
FYI, I have an earlier version of this deck which I have the following
+ 3 Working a Hunch
+ 2 Shotgun
+ 2 Educated Officer
+ 2 Shotgun Blast
- 2 Flux Stabiliser
- 2 Deep Undercover
- 2 Norman Blackwood Sr.
- 2 Machete
- 1 Springfield

Also, an earlier version I have Soothsayer and Peeler in order to have them gain benefits when support attachments are played.  For Soothsayer, it is difficult for me to have more than 1 attachment in the early game, as resources should be spent on getting more characters out in order to give her any significant advantage.

Though Peeler can gain Willpower, his dependency on having attachments being present make him vulnerable when the character with the attachment on are removed from the board.

Overall, I find these characters to be less efficient as it requires many card combos.

OTHER CARDS CONSIDERATION
1. Cover Me instead of Norman Blackwood Sr. (though the deck may be less optimal but it gives a different feel)
2. Short Fuse (for use against characters with Toughness)
3. Flush Them Out (surprise your opponent but the problem is this card is costly to play)
4. Sam Archer
5. Whitton Greene
6. Obscure Linguist
7. Natural Philosopher
8. Dr. Ali Kafour
9. Professional Counselor
10. Professor Smith
11. Alexander Pallas
12. Femme Fatale
13. Freelance Occultist
14. Obsessive Detective

