Character (35)
3x Brood of Yig (Whispers in the Dark)
2x Castro (The Key and the Gate)
2x Cthylla (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Degenerate Serpent Cultist (The Wailer Below)
2x Descendent of Yig (Lost Rites)
3x Dreamlands Fanatic R (In the Dread of Night)
2x Feathered Serpent (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Fiona Day (The Sleeper Below)
3x Gustaf Johansen (The Sleeper Below)
3x Initiate of Dagon (The Sleeper Below)
2x Padma Amrita (The Unspeakable Pages)
3x Uroborus (Written and Bound)
3x Watcher of Signs (The Sleeper Below)
2x Yig (Screams from Within)
Support (7)
1x Horrific Statuette (The Sleeper Below)
1x San Giorgio in Alga (Terror in Venice)
3x Temple of R'lyeh R (Never Night)
2x Unaussprelichen Kulten (The Sleeper Below)
Event (9)
3x Deep One Assault (Core Set)
2x Disguised Threat (The Cacophony)
1x Foul Induction (The Sleeper Below)
3x Sibilant Cry (Written and Bound)


An attempt to build a Mono-Cthulhu Serpent-Cultist Deck 

This deck consists of 15 Serpent Characters and 24 Cultist.

The idea of this deck is to play some early 0 and 1 Cost for the purpose of setting up the sacrifice engine using Cthylla or Temple of Rl'yeh.  The Sleeper Below has offered many low costs characters represented by Gustaf Johansen, Initiate of Dagon and Watcher of Signs that have been incorporated into this deck.

Watcher of Signs is useful for the early attack if a player can play more of them early.  In the mid-game, Watcher of the Signs can be useful to win stories when after forcing the opposing player to sacrifice his characters, leaving none or only a few on the board to defend, play them out or use Foul Induction to get them onto the board from the discard pile.  As such, Watcher of the Signs may have the potential to place 3 success tokens if the contested stories are undefended (after a series of sacrifice forced onto the opponent).

I have 3 copies of Gustaf so I am able to play him out early and to take advantage of having my own Cultist leaving play via sacrifice to draw cards.  This can effectively help a Cthulhu deck due to its lack of card draw capability.

In addition, there can be many occasions where you don't need to pay to play characters.  This can be evident by putting into play Initiate of Dagon with 0 cost and Dreamland Fanatics which can come onto the board whenever any character leave play.  Also, the use of Unaussprelichen Kulten will make playing Cultist character free! :) Due to the high number of Cultist card, it will be very easy to put into play Cultist character without exhausting any domains.  Personally, this is a good card to have in the beginning of the game and players should have this in his starting hand.

Furthermore, this deck does not require spending resource much due to Dormant trait of Fiona Day as she can enter play for free when a story she is attached to is won.


Other interesting approach is that, If I understand the rule correctly, since Initiate of Dagon cost 0 to play.  This mean if there are a few copies of Initiate of Dagon in the discard pile.  I can put into play all of them from the discard pile without using any of my 3-cost quota which leaves me to get back other Cultist.

I believe Deep One Assault is a staple in any Cthulhu deck.  Other than using it to destroy characters, it can be used to destroy support cards.

Some variation in this deck are to:
1. Take out 2x Castro and substitute then with 
2x Carl Stanford.  The latter is very useful as a blocker to prevent your opponent from winning without contest.
2. +1 The Warrens and +1 Feathered Serpent; -1 Horrific Statute and -1 San Giorgio in Alga. The Warrens can effectively give Feathered Serpent an additional 2 Terror Icons up to total of 5.  With this high amount of Terror Icons, the Feathered Serpents can flexibly change any amount of its Terror Icons into Combat and Arcane icons.  This makes Feathered Serpent a formidable character to deal with as it can have the potential to gain up to 5 Combat icons and 5 Arcane by using its ability.

