Character (30)
3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Guardian Shoggoth (Core Set)
3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
3x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Naaginn (Touched by the Abyss)
2x Nigel St. James (The Shifting Sands)
3x Poleman (Terror in Venice)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
3x Young Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
Support (17)
3x Flooded Vault (Terror in Venice)
3x Khopesh of the Abyss R (The Shifting Sands)
2x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
2x Stone Calendar (The Cacophony)
2x Sword of Y'ha-tallo (Core Set)
2x The Black Stone (The Key and the Gate)
1x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
2x Y'ha-nthlei Statue (Aspirations of Ascension)
Event (3)
3x Deep One Assault (Core Set).

This is the deck I took to the GTG tournament in Stoke on 11th Jan, that went undefeated through 5 rounds of swiss, followed by a top 4 cut.

It is a tuned and revised version of http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/cthulhu-twilight-r47, which as you can see did end up with Stone Calendar and Rite of the Silver Gate in it. Due to the Gencon thread, I was not alone in said combo, with 2 others making the cut doing the same thing...

There are still some things which didn't do as well for me as I hoped, and would probably come out if I was refining this further:
Nigel St. James - I would switch him for another 3 cost that had Investigation. His ability never triggered, as whilst he was designed to work in combination with Khopesh, it never did.
Y'ha-nthlei Statue - It destroyed 3 characters at most over 7 games, if I bothered to get it since not enough characters were in range. The idea was good, the fact it only would have hit the two Cultist decks means I would find something better.
Naagin - I think only 1 came back. I can afford him or Khopesh, and then later turns would rather buy a 3 cost card.

If you try the deck, please let me know what you think of it, and what changes you would make, if any.

