Character (28)
3x Bedlam Boys (For the Greater Good)
3x Dangerous Inmate (Screams from Within)
3x Deranged Diva (Words of Power)
3x Dreamlands Fanatic R (In the Dread of Night)
2x Elise Warren (Written and Bound)
3x Innsmouth Troublemaker (Core Set)
3x Naaginn (Touched by the Abyss)
3x Obsessive Zealot (The Sleeper Below)
3x Performance Artist (Core Set)
2x Sieur Piriou Louis (The Key and the Gate)
Support (15)
2x Arkham Asylum (Core Set)
3x Flooded Vault (Terror in Venice)
3x Khopesh of the Abyss R (The Shifting Sands)
2x The Cavern of Flame (In the Dread of Night)
3x The Rays of Dawn (Twilight Horror)
2x Victoria's Loft (Core Set)
Event (9)
3x Deep One Assault (Core Set)
3x Hamu XX 15:14 (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x The Greatest Fear... (Secrets of Arkham)

This is the latest deck I am intending to use at a casual tournament on Sunday 10th May. (EDIT: I did use this deck at Stoke-on-Trent, and only went 1-3)

After enjoying Hastur lunatics, but feeling that one of the areas the deck showed weakness was with targeted removal, I've decided to combine them with Cthulhu for Khopesh. Warning in Advance, I sadly lack Somnbulant Dreamer :(

The premise of the deck is to drive their characters insane, prevent them restoring due to Victoria's Loft, and use Khopesh on anyone I can't drive insane.

Here is the standard breakdown of why I chose the cards I have:
Sieur Piriou Louis - A last minute changed, I was using Danni Devine when I had 70 Steps and Cavern of Flame, however I took them out but left her in by mistake, Between Louis' icons, ability, and removing their terror with Rays of Dawn, he should give me a solid defence to slow down my opponent.
Elise Warren - I wanted a character of cost 3 (due to Negotium wrecking me in testing) who would give me an edge in stories. As the game will increase how many insane characters there are, and she is invulnerable whilst keeping her Terror icon, I feel she will stay for some time. Plus, if I haven't restored two or more of my own lunatics, she can't be targeted by triggered effects to stay around longer.
Dangerous Inmate - A staple for lunatic decks, allowing me to snipe troublesome characters of printed skill 2 or lower, by making them insane.
Performance Artist - Can't play Hastur without these. Can't imagine anyone would not use them.
Deranged Diva - Compliments Dangerous Inmate. The downside is she means my opponent gets to choose who to make insane, but when my opponent doesn't have anyone of printed skill 2 or lower (such as Syndicate which happened in my last tournament), then she still does something unlike Inmate.
Naaginn - An ideal bearer for Khopesh, as once he blows himself up with it, he then comes back into play thanks to his response, as a support card is destroyed when the character it is attached to is destroyed by taking sufficient wounds (along with other means of being destroyed).
Dreamlands Fanatic - A free character when I get rid of someone with Khopesh. Plus, if they use other effects to make their characters leave play, it expands the means he can trigger.
Innsmouth Trouble Maker - A cheap bearer for Khopesh. Nothing special otherwise, and can't rely on only Naaginn bearing it.
Obsessive Zealot - Another means to cause my opponent's characters to go insane, who I will sacrifice to Combat struggles, or give a Khopesh.
Bedlam Boys - Repeatable card draw from the lunatics, which whilst is limited to once per phase, I can always stagger when I trigger them to draw more often.
Hamu XX 15:14 - With how often I shall be causing insanity, a reliable means to recur my cards back will be essential to the deck. Ideally looping with Greatest Fear, or getting a second copy of itself from the discard pile.
Deep One Assault - The loyal can be frustrating, but a means to get rid of troublesome characters and support cards is essential in the game.
The Greatest Fear - Make my opponent's characters go insane, and then strip their hand of cards as an added bonus. Ideal situation is after they have drawn during the draw phase, trigger a lunatic so one of their characters goes insane, then make them discard the two cards they just drew, meaning they only have what is in play, which should be slowly diminishing. With Hamu, I can always play Greatest Fear, trigger Hamu to get it back, then Greatest Fear again. Or Hamu to get one (or both) copies back and then watch their hand go. Regardless, I should be able to keep their hand under control, and maybe even help work towards a story.
Victoria's Loft - I was going through my cards, and re-read the card, as I thought it simply prevented characters being refreshed. So, combined with Arkham Asylum, I can make your characters go insane, prevent yours from being refreshed, and then get around it by refreshing my characters in a different phase. Extremely vulnerable to support removal, but if I always worry what my opponent could do, I would never play.
Khopesh of the Abyss - One of the stronger restricted cards, and even though your opponent can see it coming, they have to play around it. Targeted removal in any game is generally strong, and Cthulhu is no exception.
Flooded Vault - It gives me the flexibility of getting Khopesh, Rays of Dawn (useful when Savio or Plague Stone appear), or Artifact of the Lost Cities. Search effects are few and far between, and for the price it is a bargain.
The Rays of Dawn - Here for two reasons. 1. It helps reduce the amount of Terror my opponent has, so my lunatics have more targets. 2. It allows me to combat Night decks. In testing, Savio Corvi with a conspiracy was hard to stop, and getting Rays of Dawn was critical in stopping him.
Arkham Asylum - My means of getting around Victoria's Loft, I can use my lunatics, and then refresh and ready them to go into stories, or trigger all over again.
Cavern of Flame - Whilst it's my only Dreamland location, it means if they don't have one I am fine, and if they do, then I am probably shutting their down. As I won't be able to stop everything, being able to boot characters including Ancient Ones from a story should either stop them attacking, or prevent them defending.

UPDATE: Following discussion on Skype, Artifact of the Lost Cities is out, Bedlam Boys and Cavern of Flame is in.

