Character (34)
3x Bruno Carioli (Terror in Venice)
3x Campus Security Guard (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Castro (The Key and the Gate)
3x College Prospect (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Elijah Conrad (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Ghost Hunter (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Guardian Shoggoth (Core Set)
3x Innsmouth Troublemaker (Core Set)
3x Laboratory Assistant (Core Set)
3x Ocean Crawlers (Core Set)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
2x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (13)
3x Flooded Vault (Terror in Venice)
3x Khopesh of the Abyss R (The Shifting Sands)
2x Medico Della Peste (Terror in Venice)
2x Mu (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Sword of Y'ha-tallo (Core Set)
Event (3)
3x Sacrificial Offerings (Core Set)

This is the deck that I used at the GTG store championship in Stoke on 29th June, leading me to 4-1 and 4th place from a field of 13.

It was initially built for a friend when I was going to use Yog/Syndicate skill reduction, but said friend couldn't make the tournament, and I felt it was a stronger deck overall.

Almost every character is chosen for either having toughness or Arcane/Investigation, with Prepared Alienist covering both bases. The theory was that the toughness characters hold Khopesh, whilst the other characters rush in at multiple stories and then stand, leading for 2-3 success tokens added a turn whilst being able to defend the following turn.

Most games involved setting up two M.U cards in domains, preparing to play a third on turn 1 so I can get out College Prospect. This happened almost every game (that I can recall). Then a Flooded Vault to allow for a Khopesh on the following turn, if I haven't drawn into one, means I can get rid of early characters whilst allowing the Prospects to destroy themselves and give me cards.

Whilst it only happened the once (due to rarely losing a struggle when I saw it), the idea behind Mu was to allow me to recover wounds on whoever is holding Khopesh, extending the use of it. Or alternatively, if more than one Ghost Hunter has been played, to allow two to go insane from destroying one of my characters knowing both will be available soon enough due to Mu and restore phase.

Whilst Flooded Vault is the only location, being able to recycle it with Elijah did happen multiple times, allowing me to search for Khopesh (or strangely, Mu?!), play Elijah and then get it right back.

The one card I felt I never needed or played all game was Medico Della Peste. The only Night card I saw was The Plague Stone, and it was destroyed the same turn it was played. Sadly, I didn't have a Flooded Vault to search for as my action following it being played. With the amount of arcane I have, not kneeling never felt useful to me. Either my own The Plague Stone, or something such as Scientific Text for extra draw would be tempting instead.

The deck was built from a pool of 3x core set, all the deluxe boxes and Shifting Sands.

