Character (28)
2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
2x Arctic Ethnologist (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Board of Directors (Initiations of the Favored)
2x Brette Wulffsen (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Deranged Diva (Words of Power)
1x Dr. Mya Badry (Ebla Restored)
2x James "Cookie" Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Sieur Piriou Louis (The Key and the Gate)
2x Stealthy Byakhee (The Terror of the Tides)
2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (7)
1x Infirmary (Words of Power)
2x Station Eismitte (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Stygian Eye R (Into Tartarus)
1x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
Event (16)
2x Agoraphobia (Core Set)
2x Blind Submission (Core Set)
3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Devolution (Search for the Silver Key)
3x Scotophobia (Core Set)
3x Unearthing the Ancients (Core Set)

This deck focuses on using Explorer characters in order to gain synergistic benefits plus the control elements from Hastur cards.

TAKING CONTROL OF OTHER CHARACTERS
Here we have Stygian Eye and also Blind Submission.  I choose Stygian eyes over Infernal Obsession due to its cheaper costs.

When dealing with Characters with Terror-icons, I have Scotophobia.  This card can work well with Sieur Piriou Louis where when your opponent thinks that since their characters have Terror Icon and would be safe from Louis's effect, you surprise them by playing Scotophobia.

Also, when using Louis, if Station Eismite is out, then all the Explorers and Scientists will not be affected by Louis's insanity effect and can perhaps help win the Investigation struggle.

Other ways to control is the use of Devolution where the opponent will have to exhaust a character preventing them from committing to a story and then wound another one which hopefully can destroy it.



CHARACTERS FOR CONTROL
Sweeping Byakhee is to prevent an opposing characters especially Ancient One from being committed to a story which Sweeping Byakhee is committing.

WHY ARCTIC ETHNOLOGIST?
It can be argued that this card is no good as Arctic Ethnologist cannot activate its effect when other faction Characters are played or when you take control of your opponents' Character which are non-Miska, I kept it in this deck for this deck in order to synergise with Explorers' ability and also he is cheap to play (and with an Investigation icon). 

WEAKNESSES
The problem with this deck is when dealing with an opposing decks that are Willpower-centric.  Though Stygian Eye may help, it can only take control of one character with Willpower (unless I purpose choose it to be sacrificed or have it wounded to be destroyed in order to play Stygian Eye again on a different character).

Other than above in dealing with Willpower character, Agoraphobia can be used especially during the story phase.

OVERALL IMPRESSION
Personally, I find this deck may not be as efficient or competitive as the pure Miska-Explorer deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/miskatonic-explorer-decks-r27) or the Miska-Yog Explorer Character Removal Deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/miska-yog-explorer-character-removal-r28) due to it needing a few cards to combo.  

In addition, I don't think this deck is as speedy than the above mentioned Explorer decks.  One reason is the lack of Cost 1 character as I have taken out Alternative Historian with only Overworked Graduate costing 1 but cannot be used to win story due to its 0 Skill.

However, it is still fun to play with and give players a different experience and flavour when combining with cards from other factions.

OTHER CARDS CONSIDERATION
Since I have Andrew Chapman and Sieur Piriou Louis with Fated 3, Stone Calendar can be useful here to help the player draw more cards other than just using Unearthing the Ancient.  

However, I am not sure what card to replace here.   Perhaps you can give some suggestions.

