(2nd Place Lynnwood, WA Tournament) 

    Character (30)
    3x A Scheme of Byakhees (The Mark of Madness)
    3x Baka (The Thousand Young)
    3x Baleful Reveler (Terror in Venice)
    3x Ghoulish Predator (In the Dread of Night)
    2x Long-Dead Prince (The Antediluvian Dreams)
    2x Obsessive Sycophant (The Breathing Jungle)
    2x Ol' Lazy Eyes (Conspiracies of Chaos)
    2x Performance Artist (Core Set)
    3x Savio Corvi (Terror in Venice)
    3x Stealthy Byakhee (The Terror of the Tides)
    2x Victoria Glasser (Core Set)
    2x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
    Support (6)
    3x Drawing the Sign (The Mark of Madness)
    3x The King In Yellow Folio (Lost Rites)
    Event (11)
    2x Blind Submission (Core Set)
    3x Shocking Transformation R (Core Set)
    3x Sweet Dreams... (Twilight Horror)
    3x Thunder in the East (Kingsport Dreams)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x Opening Night (The Mark of Madness)

    
A Savio Corvi conspiracy deck that combos Opening Night, A Scheme of Byakhees and Sweet Dreams...

MAIN COMBOS
The main strategy of this deck is to use Ol' Lazy Eyes to fetch Opening Night on the first turn, stall on turn 2 and then on turn 3 use Shocking Transformation to grab A Scheme of Byahkees.  When paired with Sweet Dreams... it can devastate your opponent's board position and/or discard their entire hand.  Drawing the Sign provides an alternate story card win condition that is easy to trigger in a single turn through either Opening Night or The King in Yellow Folio, thus allowing you to win a surprise story where your opponent is heavily invested in success tokens (and likely close out multiple stories at once for the win).

RESOURCES
This deck works off a 3-2-1 domain structure, using your highest domain for Shocking Transformation or Savio, and then your lowest to pay for Black Dog, power up Ya-te-veo or play Sweet Dreams/Thunder in the East.  This deck is more expensive than most I play, especially with x6 2-cost support cards.  However, Shocking Transformation does help mitigate the cost of A Scheme of Byahkees, allowing you to play it on turn 3 (though be aware of the steadfast requirements).

TACTICS
For the opener, mulligan for Ol' Lazy Eyes/Opening Night, Savio, Shocking Transformation/A Scheme of Byakhees, and then cheap characters like Baleful Reveler, Ghoulish Predator and Ya-teo-veo.

In the beginning, the deck stalls with cards like Ya-te-veo, Ghoulish Predator, Black Dog, Baleful Reveler, Blind Submission and Savio Corvi, and then stays on defense until you can set up your combo through Shocking Transformation.  Savio also provides added firepower in the terror struggle (and the all-important Fast) to ensure A Scheme of Byahkees will succeed.

To close out the game, commit A Scheme of Byahkees to Opening Night and then hit your opponent with Sweet Dreams...  If Drawing the Sign is in play it's a bonus, but almost unnecessary at that point.  Because A Scheme of Byakhees ability is a forced response, I found it very effective to resolve all 7 terror struggles at Opening Night first to ensure your characters at the other stories are then unopposed (this was especially true when paired with Sweet Dreams...).  I also found that at cost 4 and skill 4, A Scheme of Byakhees is fairly resilient to most of Yog's tricks (Prof. Peaslee, Faceless Abductor and Pushed).

OTHER CARDS
Baka provides targeted removal of characters that grant blanket Willpower (which is 1 of the deck's major weaknesses).  Primary targets for Baka are Clover Club Pit Boss and Marshall Greene, or those that can remove A Scheme of Byakhees from the stories, like Peter Clover.

Long-Dead Prince is the deck's Pervasive Toxemia defense as it can suck up a wound and then reset.  It also pairs well with Baka.

Stealthy Byakhee kicks out troublesome characters (namely August Lindquist), most Ancient Ones or characters with terror to help A Scheme of Byakhees win at Opening Night.

Victoria Glasser and Obsessive Sycophant off-set the deck's lack of arcane, with Obsessive Sycophant usually granting double arcane to Savio, Ya-teo-veo or Black Dog on the block.

Thunder in the East is there for Stygian Eye or Frozen Time.

INSPIRATION
First, I want to thank Tusk and dboeren for their help with this deck.  Their feedback was essential to its success.

As this would be my last official Call of Cthulhu tournament, I wanted to use cards from the new Mark of Madness expansion, as well as cards I've never played with before.  Like Pervasive Toxemia, when I saw Opening Night I knew I wanted to build a deck around it.  A Scheme of Byakhees was a natural fit, as was Drawing the Sign.  

Originally I had planned to pair Hastur with Yog to use Faceless Abductor, Seer of the Gate and all the other Yog goodies, but decided on Savio for his Fast and terror buff.  I was also afraid the deck would be too expensive and felt Shub would help me with ramping.  This turned out not to be the case, and so I swapped out The Festival for Shocking Transformation to ensure I got out A Scheme of Byakhees as quickly as possible (or to hunt for Savio or Baka as needed).

The deck struggled until I cut Acute Melancholia for Sweet Dreams... At that point, it became a time bomb waiting to go off.  The only trick was not to lose while I set everything into place.

BLACK DOG REMOVED - RESTRICTED