Lynnwood 4th place

Character (26)
3x Benjamin Herriot (The Mark of Madness)
2x Demon Lover (Core Set)
3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Hand of Aforgomon (The Key and the Gate)
3x Hungry Star Vampire (The Key and the Gate)
2x Performance Artist (Core Set)
3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
3x Servant to the Elder Things (Lost Rites)
2x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Victoria Glasser (Core Set)
Support (12)
3x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
3x Rite of the Silver Key (The Key and the Gate)
3x Stygian Eye R (Into Tartarus)
3x The Cavern of Flame (In the Dread of Night)
Event (12)
3x Hali's Directive (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Polar Mirage (At the Mountains of Madness)
3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
3x induce Terror (The Mark of Madness)


Lots of control-grabbing cards, terror, and shenanigans.

This is the deck that I took to the Lynnwood sendoff tournament, and ended up in 4th place with it. It still needs some tweaks, but was still a ton of fun to play with.

Things I've noted:
1.) Cavern of Flame remains as basically my favorite card in the game.
2.) I didn't cast Induce Terror at all the entire day. They will likely be the first to get cut.
3.) I found myself wanting Catacombes de Paris more than once. Winning a combat struggle isn't the hardest thing to do in this deck thanks to Cavern, so yoinking more stuff is great, especially for a card you can drop on turn 1. The extra steadfast requirement may make things awkward, but it's still possible to drop Rite of the Silver Key if I have to focus more on Hastur.
4.) Nathaniel Peaslee + Demon Lover worked, but only to an extent. I think I'll have to look into other methods of skill reduction.
5.) Servant to the Elder Things either ended up as an overpriced combat icon or just went insane constantly. The effect is great, but I hardly ever was able to trigger it.
6.) Polar Mirage is great, but I think 3 is too many.
7.) Hungry Star Vampire ate a looooooot of insane characters over the course of the day. Especially combined with Arcane struggles, so it could commit on my turn and my opponent's if I could swing it.
8.) Rite of the Silver Key is good, but I don't feel like games went long enough for it to have more of an impact than digging for Peaslee faster.

