    Character (33)
    2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Archaeology Interns (Into Tartarus)
    3x Arctic Ethnologist (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Brette Wulffsen (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Bruno Carioli (Terror in Venice)
    2x James "Cookie" Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Jeremiah Kirby (For the Greater Good)
    2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Maurice Diggs (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Professor William Webb (The Sleeper Below)
    3x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
    Support (9)
    2x Excavation Site (For the Greater Good)
    2x Open for Inspection (Core Set)
    2x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
    3x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
    Event (6)
    3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Zero Visibility (Seekers of Knowledge)
    Conspiracy (2)
    2x Combing the Archives (Lost Rites)

    An update to my Explorer deck.  The goal is to get out Combing the Archives with Professor Webb and move the success tokens to actual stories to win as many as fast as I can.  Open for Inspection + Combing the Archives will give me a ton of success tokens.  Excavation Site is nice to add to the card draw as I plow through stories.  Add in Whitton Greene and Open for Inspection and we're talking 5 Investigation struggles per turn!  I know that is "eggs in a basket" thinking, but just Combing the Archives + Professor Webb + Whitton Greene have been enough for me in the past, Open for Inspection is just icing on the cake.  I'm hoping I can win before I run out of Daring Buju and/or Zero Visibility to deal with Terror struggles.  I feel I have a decent amount of Combat to handle a little bit of it, but my main focus is getting success tokens from Combing the Archives.  I will keep Maurice Diggs committed to the conspiracy so his effect can fire and I can move around my opponent's success tokens should they start to get out of hand.  Constructive criticism and suggestions greatly appreciated.

    Sugg: I would replace 2x Matthew Alexander and 2x Bruno with 3x Alternative Historian and 1x Whitton Greene. Whitton is important to the deck and upping the chances of getting her outweighs the chance of having extras. Historian can protect you from terror as long as you have cards to throw away (like that extra Whitton you drew).
    