    Character (36)
    3x Alternative Historian R (Seekers of Knowledge)
    1x Amaranth (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
    2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
    1x Dr. Bartlett (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    2x Failed Initiate (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
    3x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Keeper of the Silver Sphere (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
    1x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
    2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
    1x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
    1x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
    3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
    Support (8)
    3x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
    2x Stone Calendar (The Cacophony)
    3x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
    Event (5)
    3x Binding (Core Set)
    2x Steal the Soul (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x The Locked Door (Whispers in the Dark)

    This deck have provide opportunities to utilise Dr. Bartlett, Amaranth, The Red Gloved Man, and Keeper of the Silver Sphere due to the presence of Conspiracy Cards.  I choose to have 2 copies of the Keeper of the Silver Sphere as sometimes this deck can run into the problem of not getting a conspiracy card out early.


You can vary this deck by leveraging on the Ritual of Exclusion. Already you have cards that return to the owner's hand such as Lord Jeffrey Farrington and Mathew Alexander. It is possible for players to experiment by including Dr. Mya Badry and replace Alternative Historian with Master of Myth.

Andrew Chapman is around to prevent any of your characters from being destroyed* and being sacrificed.  Stone Calendar can allow a player to discard success tokens on Chapman enabling him to be used more frequently.  Josef Meiger can help bring Stone Calendar into play early if needed.

*Question: Would being destroyed as a result of wounds coming from a card effect from Khopesh of the Abyss qualify a player to trigger Chapman's ability? 

Alternative Historian can combo well with B. Ramsdale Brown as the player of this deck can discard character cards which allow Brown to bring them back into play.  Stone Calendar can help to discard the success tokens on Brown to draw more cards which can subsequently be used by Alternative Historians to manage the story icon struggle.  As such, we can see there is a "triangular" synergy between the above 3 cards.


Due to limited deck space, I have to choose between having Matthew Alexander or Dr. Mya Badry.  I decided to have Matthew as he has "relatively" better icons and 3 skills (+1 from his own ability due to Matthew having the Explorer trait).

Lucas Tetlow and Lodge Housekeeper is in the deck to "manage" the opponent's support card.

