Character (30)
2x Ancient Guardian (Core Set)
2x Arthur Todd (Touched by the Abyss)
3x Bird Demon (The Cacophony)
1x Collector of Sacrifices (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Decrepit Wizard (The Key and the Gate)
3x Ferocious Dark Young (Whispers in the Dark)
2x Hungry Dark Young (Core Set)
3x Nikola Tesla R (The Key and the Gate)
3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
2x Shub-Niggurath (The Cacophony)
3x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
Support (13)
3x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
2x Cursed Skull (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Snow Graves (At the Mountains of Madness)
3x The Festival R (The Key and the Gate)
3x The Three Bells (The Unspeakable Pages)
Event (7)
2x Burrowing Beneath (Core Set)
2x Speak to the Dead R (Whispers in the Dark)
3x Vortex of Time (The Key and the Gate)


A fun little dark young deck mixed with some awesome Yog support for some fun graveyard shenanigans. 

The Festival is absolutely insane here. Tesla can load up like crazy thanks to the three bells/yithian scout combo, and Vortex of time works hard for him as well. He can then pop himself to three bells to finish off the game. Festival can act as a tutor here since you can hide your GY cards in a domain to chuck them when ready.  Some general card filter and draw are necessary to find some key pieces, and things like burrowing beneath to remove snow graves. The deck can just go full aggro mode too thanks to the abundance of terror icons. I have not have more fun yet playing a deck than with this one, but it suits my style perfectly. Open to suggestions since my card pool knowledge is not fantastic!

> Three bells is sacrifice, Tesla doesn't trigger on that. See FAQ 2.7. You'll need to find something else to wound/destroy Tesla.

> The skill of Tesla is too high for Ya-Te-Veo. You can try other cards though, like lev'l 15:13. Or use him as a defender in a combat struggle.

 

Speaking of arcane struggles, I highly recommend Keeper of the Great Library. Works great with scout and three bells.

 

Also, some corrupted midwifes to bring back festivaled characters are fun, certainly Arthur Todds when you have shub in hand...


