Character (33)
2x Arthur Todd (Touched by the Abyss)
2x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
2x Corrupted Midwife (Ebla Restored)
1x Descendant of Eibon (The Terror of the Tides)
1x Elspeth Baudin (The Thousand Young)
1x Grasping Chthonian (Initiations of the Favored)
2x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Karin Marley (Ebla Restored)
1x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Nug (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Restless Dead (The Thousand Young)
1x The Claret Knight (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Theosophist (The Sleeper Below)
3x Thule Zealot (The Thousand Young)
2x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
1x Yeb (The Thousand Young)
Support (14)
2x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
3x Favor of Eshu (The Thousand Young)
1x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
1x Ritual of Power (Initiations of the Favored)
1x The Archmage’s Attaché (The Thousand Young)
3x The Festival R (The Key and the Gate)
1x The Plague Stone (Terror in Venice)
2x The Three Bells (The Unspeakable Pages)
Event (3)
3x Thunder in the East (Kingsport Dreams)


Filling domains with tons of cards and playing them from the domain.

Somehow I always end up creating decks with lots of interactions, making them more difficult to pilot. It's a lot of fun when everything is working, but results in mediocre decks if something goes wrong. With the release of the shub box with favor of eshew, a new idea was born. The festival immediately came to mind, as well as lots of other cards. I love loops and tricks and the festival + favor of eshew creates a lot of ways to tutor and play a card.

Ways to play anything that is in your deck:

Search the card with the festival and put it on a domain.
1) If the domain has Favor of Eshew, you can play it when the domain becomes available
2) Play Thule Zealot and put the card in hand
3) Use another festival activation to put the card in the discard pile
3) a) Get the card in hand with Ramsdale Brown
3) b) If it's a character, play it with corrupted midwife

Lots of shub supports to search for, so I added Karin Marley

Lodge Housekeeper is porably overkill and might become Grasping Cthonian #2. But I thought it would be fun to bounce the Favor of eshew. I suspect an opponent would stop resourcing on his domain if it had the favor. So play it empty, then switch to a new one by bouncing and replaying it. You can also change the sides for favor if you want. Silver twilight card count is on the low side, so I might keep her in.

Restless Dead, three bells, book of iod and Corrupted midwife is a fun sacrifice engine.

Meiger can search for Favor of eshew and three bells or any other ritual or artifact card. As I had three bells, I added ritual of power. Otherwise keeping domains unused might have been a problem. This opened the use of ya-te-veo as well. I also added a rite for good measure. Off color, but searchable with Meiger and playable with the theosophist.

Not sure on the number of events and other cards though. Still a work in progress, this is a first draft

