Character (35)
2x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
2x Black Dog R (Words of Power)
2x Blood Magician (Conspiracies of Chaos)
2x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
1x Corrupted Midwife (Ebla Restored)
1x Decrepit Wizard (The Key and the Gate)
1x Descendant of Eibon (The Terror of the Tides)
3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
3x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Nephren-Ka (The Sleeper Below)
2x Obsessive Elder Thing (For the Greater Good)
2x Pawn Broker (Into Tartarus)
1x Professor George Angell (The Sleeper Below)
3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
2x Protector of Secrets (Initiations of the Favored)
1x Sebastion Blake (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
Support (8)
2x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
2x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
2x Ritual of Power (Initiations of the Favored)
2x The Three Bells (The Unspeakable Pages)
Event (7)
2x Mind Swap (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
2x Vortex of Time (The Key and the Gate)


Meiger and sorcerers work together

Updated this experimental deck with the new cards and the errata on stone calendar.

The main part of the deck is abusing Meiger. He has the usual rituals available. I've added a small Shub splash for the three bells. Though the only shub card you ever want to play from hand is corrupted widwife.

Second part is the sorcerer theme. With Nephren-Ka as the engine, he can look for Ramsdale Brown (not unimportant after the stone calendar errata), Carl Stanford, Sebastion Blake, Blood Magician, Decrepit Wizard and Corrupted Midwife. You trigger Nephren-Ka with carddraw like Vortex of Time, Mind swap and Pawn Broker.

Once the engine is running, you can get Pushed into the beyond back with Carl Stanford and play it multiple times. Lots of pay one effects to use with the ritual of power.

The deck is strong on character removal, but supports might be an issue. There is an option to decrease yog cards for the excellent shub-support removals.

