Character (38)
2x Ancient Guardian (Core Set)
3x Ferocious Dark Young (Whispers in the Dark)
3x Gibbering Soul (The Antediluvian Dreams)
3x Grasping Chthonian (Initiations of the Favored)
3x Hungry Dark Young (Core Set)
3x Insect Swarm (The Thing from the Shore)
3x Nug (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Priestess of Bubastis (Core Set)
3x Shub-Niggurath (The Cacophony)
3x The Mother's Hand (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Watcher of the Woods (Core Set)
3x Y'Golonac (Core Set)
3x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
Support (8)
1x Altar of the Blessed (Core Set)
2x Dark Contagion (Journey to Unknown Kadath)
3x Ghoul Taint (Core Set)
2x Under the Porch (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
Event (5)
3x Feed Her Young R (Written and Bound)
2x Maleficium (Words of Power)


Dark Young Recursion and Tutoring Deck; Resource Acceleration

This deck is build to advantage of the following.
1. Resource Acceleration - Feed Her Young and Nug
2. Speed in playing characters - other than building  resources on the Domain faster to allow me in playing many characters and to get my Ancient Ones out, this deck is supported by Priestess of Bubastis
3. Recursion - Shub Niggurath, Hungry Dark Young, and Ferocious Dark Young
4. Search/Tutor- Gibbering Soul


CONTROL CARDS
There are some decent control cards in this deck mainly from Ghoul Taint, Dark Contagion, and Maleficium.

However, I am ambivalent about Ghoul Taint as the opposing player can still commit his character this attachment during my turn and purposely cause him to go insane to remove the attachment.  But upon further thinking, this card can be useful against characters with Terror icons and Willpower as they cannot go insane in such a way and is forced to play some other cards to remove this Curse.

GRASPING CTHONIAN
As I have looked through many other decks, there often seem to have Grasping Cthonian.  This, in my opinion, is an efficient card. You play a character paying its cost and at the same time destroy a support card.

KEY CARDS FOR DEFENDING
1. Ya-Ta-Veo - make it difficult for opponent to commit especially when you have undrained resources.
2. Y'Glonac - a very good blocker and can be put down in Turn one if you have 2 Priestess of Bubastic and a Y'Glonac at hand
3. Insect Swarm - has very high skill (i.e. 6) and Fast trait
4. Under the Porch - can sacrifice this support card, bring out something big and push it out to defend a story like Nug or Shub-Niggurath.  Note: Getting Nug out via Under the Porch can help you build resources faster.

MOTHER'S HAND
This card is good once you have a Domain with 4 Resources used to play it as The Mother's Hand will refresh such Domain and have it available to play additional characters or activate other effects such those in Y'Glonac, Ya-Ta-Veo, Ancient Guardian and Shub-Niggurath.

DARK YOUNG CHARACTERS
In total, there are 16 Dark Young deck.  It is possible to add more in order to leverage on Shub's ability but I don't what cards to take out.  Any suggestions?

INHERENT WEAKNESS
The weakness of this deck is the lack of Arcane icons which create difficulty for characters to attack and defend at the same time.  Initially, I have Dhole Tunnel but I don't find myself using it that often.  Alternatively, I can put in Ia! Ia! Shudde Mell to give my characters Arcane icons. At this moment, to prevent an early attack from my opponent, I often rely on Ghoul Taint and subsequently in the mid-game, I surprise my opponent with Maleficium.

Also, many of the characters lack Combat icons as compared to the Mono-Cthulhu Deep One Deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/mono-cthulhu-deep-one-deck-r26) or the Miska-Agency Investigator Deck (see http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/miska-agency-investigator-deck-r32). Due to this weaknesses, this deck requires some fodder and Gibbering Soul best serve this purpose.  Even if it is destroyed, it allows player to search a card from his draw deck, thus giving him some draw engine and flexibility.

Sometimes, due to the presence of Gibbering Soul, the opposing players have to think twice whether they want to win a Combat struggle as they do not wish you to get the character cards you want (mostly an Ancient One).

In addition, throughout the game, there will be character destroyed and this is where Dark Contagion can come in handy.  You wound me, I wound you.

Overall, many of the characters here are of 2 Skill or lower and thus making them susceptible to many card's effect (e.g. Diseased Sewer Rat, Prize Pistol, Blind Submission, Deep One Assault, Shotgun Blast, etc.).  Because of this, I put in Altar of the Blessed to give each Character I control +1 skill.

