Character (39)
3x Ageless Mi-Go (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Corrupted Midwife (Ebla Restored)
1x Grasping Chthonian (Initiations of the Favored)
1x Harvesting Mi-Go (The Twilight Beckons)
2x Hungry Dark Young (Core Set)
3x Mi-Go Caretaker (Murmurs of Evil)
2x Mi-Go Commander (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Mi-Go Guard (The Spoken Covenant)
3x Mi-Go Scout (Core Set)
3x Mi-Go Surgeon (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Mi-Go Worker (The Thousand Young)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
3x Priestess of Bubastis (Core Set)
2x Xlizxcte-Oonth (The Thousand Young)
2x Y'Golonac (Core Set)
3x Ya-te-veo (The Unspeakable Pages)
Support (6)
3x Book of Iod (Ebla Restored)
1x Inter-dimensional Transporter (The Twilight Beckons)
2x Mi-Go Skull (Into Tartarus)
Event (6)
1x Burrowing Beneath (Core Set)
2x Horrid Mutation (Core Set)
3x Shocking Transformation R (Core Set)


A mono faction Mi-Go deck with Xlizcte-Oonth and Mi-Go workers supported by Priestess of Bubastis

Priestess of Bubastis and Interdimensional Transporter
I choose to have only 1 Inter-dimensional Transporter because it can only lower the cost of the first Mi-Go you play.  Priestess of Bubastis can provide greater flexibility as a cost reduction card.



One of a good opening I believe is to have 2 Priestess of Bubastis out and then put into play Y'Glonac.  But then this may mean you will have to put some Mi-Go characters as resource at the beginning of the turn.  Not sure such the opportunity cost will affect the game in the long run because I have yet to test this deck extensively.


Between Grasping Cthonians and Burrowing from Beneath
I am still uncertain as to how many copies of Grasping Cthonians and Burrowing from Beneath I should put into my deck as a support destruction card.  At this moment, I include 1 Grasping Cthonian for the fact it is a 3 cost card because my concern was not being able to play a support destruction card early due to the absence of Priestess of Bubastis.  However, with Book of Iod, it is possible to put Grasping Cthonian into the discard pile when you draw it via Book of Iod's triggered effect, and use Corrupted Mid-Wife to put the Grasping Cthonian into play.

However, the benefit of having Burrowing Beneath is that it is an event card and can be played outside the operation phase as a surprise to your opponent.

Problem is I don't know which card to card.  However, a notable substitute to both Grasping Cthonian and Burrowing from Beneath is Thunder in the East.  Unfortunately, I don't have this card with me as I have not acquire Kingsport Dream expansion.

Xlizxcte-Oonth and Mi-Go Worker
Xlizxcte-Oonth and Mi-Go Worker
I have included the latest Mi-Go characters introduced in The Thousand Young Deluxe expansion.  And from reading the posting, a good combo is to use Shocking Transformation to sacrifice a character and then perhaps use Corrupted Mid-Wife or if it is a Mi-Go character being sacrificed, utilise Xlizxcte-Oonth, bring the character back into play again.

To gain a better discount, use Book of Iod to manage your discard pile and discard some Mi-Go characters which you can later bring back using Xlizxcte-Oonth's ability. And this can be supported by Priestess of Bubastis to gain a higher discount.

Ya-ta-veo
As I can see this deck can only become formidable in the mid-game, I may need some ways to deal with my opponent in the early game before my "discount engine" can run smoothly. Thus, enter Ya-ta-veo.  I am still mulling to have a 3rd copy of this card.

Hungry Dark Young
This card help to bring back some of the characters which gets destroyed or sacrificed early in the game.  Pay 3 to get another character on the board is a good deal.  Even if Hungry Dark Young is to enter the discard pile, I can attempt to use Corrupted Midwife to return it onto the board bringing another Cost 2 or lower character.

Prepared Alienist
As this deck is very vulnerable to opponent taking control of your Mi-Go characters (as this can disrupt the Mi-Go synergy), I've included Prepared Alienist into the deck to prevent any of such incidence happening.

Some notable cards to consider (but if only I have enough deck space)
The Vale of Pnanth - to control story struggle
Specimen Room - to increase Mi-Go skill

