    Character (32)
    2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
    2x Carnevale Sentinel (Terror in Venice)
    1x Cascio Di Boerio (Terror in Venice)
    3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
    2x Hard Case (Core Set)
    2x Jacob Finnegan (Denizens of the Underworld)
    1x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
    2x Keeper of the Silver Sphere (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
    1x Lena Di Boerio (Denizens of the Underworld)
    3x Lodge Barkeep (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    2x Lodge Housekeeper (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    1x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
    2x Tattooed Thug (The Cacophony)
    2x The Red-Gloved Man (Whispers in the Dark)
    3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
    Support (6)
    3x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
    3x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
    Event (10)
    2x Immurement (Denizens of the Underworld)
    3x Intimidate (Secrets of Arkham)
    3x Kidnapping 101 (Screams from Within)
    2x On the Lam (Denizens of the Underworld)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x The Locked Door (Whispers in the Dark)

    
Syndicate Twilight Conspiracy Deck that focus on controlling your opponent via exhaustion and uncommitting them from story

The Syndicate Twilight deck is build on the idea of controlling your opponent's characters via:
(1) Exhausting them using Lodge Barkeeper, Hard Case, and Intimidate which will prevent opponent from being able to defend a story when you are attacking or prevent them from winning key stories if it is their turn 
(2) Removing their characters that are committed to a story using Kidnapping 101 and Immurement; this will surprise your opponent and may allow you to win some Icon struggle
(3) Halting the advances of some characters through On The Lam

I didn't choose Panic! because I have lower number of Syndicate cards and as such, it will be difficult to develop a Domain with dedicated Syndicate resources to play Panic! effectively due to its Loyal trait.

I choose Intimidate over Low Blow mainly because the former is cheaper and thus it will be easier to play it.

I don't know whether it is a good idea to take out Steal the Soul but I like to have more Syndicate event cards in this deck thus I don't have room for Steal the Soul.  But it is possible to perhaps have -1 Intimidate and -1 Kidnapping and include +2 Steal the Soul.

I decided not to have Failed Initiate in my panel of 1 cost characters since I will be playing my event cards early in to impose control over my opponent.  As such, I replaced Failed Initiate with 2 Jacob Finnegan and 1 Lena Di Boerio. Though I can replace Failed Initiate with the other Silver Twilight 1 cost characters, my decision to put in Syndicate characters is to increase the ratio of the Syndicate cards to enable me to build my resources.

THE CONSPIRACY MODULE
I want to build a deck utilising Conspirator characters.  The Tattooed Thug can gain Willpower in additional to a total of 2 Combat icons and 2 Arcane, making him a good defence against characters with Terror icons when a Conspiracy card is in play.  For Keeper of the Silver Sphere, though he does not gain any additional trait when a Conspiracy card is present, with a total of 3 Combat icons, 1 Arcane and 1 Investigation, he becomes a formidable character to face against decks specialises on Combat struggle.

I choose The Locked Door for the purpose of trying to win the Conspiracy card early due to the additional Investigation struggle it has.  I can take advantage of the benefit of the Silver Twilight characters which often have at least 1 Investigation icon on them and a few Syndicate characters with 1 Investigation icon.  However, timing is important as you do not want your opponent to capitalise on your Conspiracy card.  As such, you need to ensure that you are able to win it before playing it by having hands that effectively deliver the Syndicate trickery and other forms of shenanigans.

I have 2 The Red Gloved Man in order put into play a Conspiracy card when I play him if I could not draw into my hand any Conspiracy.  It must be noted that you do not always have to trigger The Red Gloved Man just to bring in the Conspiracy card if the game state does not favour you.  You can use the Red Gloved Man for his icons and Willpower for attacking and defending stories.

The Tome Module
This module utilise the common synergy between T'tka Halot, Knight of the Eclipse and Sarah Van Shaw.

The Day Module
This module have Guardian of Dawn being a cheap 1 cost character to rush for story supported by Hermetic Seal with Josef Meiger to tutor it if needed.  In this Twilight Syndicate deck, I have included Carnevale Sentinel to take advantage of his ability trigger by Day card.  And even if my opponent play a Night card, Carnevale Sentinel can gain 1 Terror and 1 Combat icon to attack and defend a story. 

Support Card Removal
Lodge Housekeeper is put in for the purpose of removing pesky support cards and open a window for me to attack or defend without being hindered or undermined by the adversity of my opponent's support card.

I can use B Ramsdale Brown to bring back Lodge Housekeeper into play from my discard pile and trigger her ability again if required.

I have Jacob Finnegan and Lena Di Boerio in my line of 1 coster to give my deck a different "flavour" of play instead of using those 1 coster from Silver Twilight.

Cascio Di Boerio is in the deck for fun purpose in synergising with the Conspiracy card.

Other considerations:
Players can experiment in leveraging on the Syndicate Tactic cards by having 2 copies of Naomi O'Bannion and 1 copy of City Map in this Syndicate Twilight deck.  They can consider increase the number of copies of On the Lam and Immurement.  However, I am reluctant in having too many copies of Immurement because playing it may help your opponents to accelerate its resource building.

I like to hear some suggestions of what better Conspiracy card I can include in this deck.

Yeah, replacing The Locked Door with A Cunning Ruse is a good idea.   Since there is no icon struggle, Jacob Finnegan will be safe in attacking that conspiracy card.  Thanks for your suggestion.
