Character (30)
2x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
3x Cannibal Ghast (Core Set)
2x Carl Stanford (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Diseased Sewer Rats R (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
2x Josef Meiger R (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Nadine Eskiy (The Key and the Gate)
3x Recruiter for the Lodge (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
2x Sebastion Blake (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
3x Zanni (Terror in Venice)
Support (9)
3x Hermetic Seal (Terror in Venice)
2x Rite of the Silver Gate R (The Key and the Gate)
2x Rite of the Silver Key (The Key and the Gate)
2x Silver Twilight Lodge (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
Event (11)
3x A Single Glimpse (Core Set)
2x Hanyatl's 1:9 (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Mind Swap (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Vortex of Time (The Key and the Gate)

This is an evolved version of the Yog-Twilight deck I have published here - http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/callofcthulhu/call-of-cthulhu-decks/_/call-of-cthulhu-decks/teaching-deck-silver-yog-r11

The deck was built for a friend of mine in preparation for an upcoming tournament, after he enjoyed my teaching deck but wanted it to be more tournament worthy.

The following is a breakdown on why each card was chosen:
Cannibal Ghast - Taken to give cheap defensive Terror, whilst also packing enough skill to force multiple characters to need to go in against a story.
Sebastion Blake - More Terror, but with added Combat and a reasonable skill for his cost, Seb gives the deck some recursion to either by naturally drawn next turn, discarded from Rite of the Silver Key preventing anything new going, forcefully drawn from Vortex of Time or even revealed by a Recruiter.
Nadine Esky - More Terror (sensing a theme...), however her ability isn't the reason for her, but her Toughness and Arcane, allowing me to be aggressive for stories, whilst being more resilient to losing combat or Khopesh.
Zanni - A card my friend tried and thoroughly enjoyed, as early game when the opponent may not have many characters means he can push challenges through unopposed, whilst later in the game help add some needed combat. Which is pretty good for only 1 cost. He is also the only ST character without the Lodge trait for Sarah.
Guardian of Dawn - A cheap source of Investigation, further boosted by it being Day, whilst having no penalty if it is Night.
Carl Stanford - The first of the 3 cost hitters, his skill and icons are respectable for his cost, but his ability to get spells and rituals from the discard pile is the key reason for him, and one of the original ideas of the deck. His passive ability to prevent non-ST reduction is a rarely seen bonus, but wouldn't cause his removal if it didn't exist.
Josef Meiger - Our second in the 3 costs, with matching stats and symbols to Carl, he shares synergy in being able to fetch the Yog rituals for free, as well as the Hermetic Seals to give Day to the Guardians of the Dawn. One trick that came up in testing was using Rite of the Silver Gate giving it it's final success token, Fated placing it at the bottom of the deck, then committing Josef to a story and getting it back, fully ready to be used again.
Recruiter for the Lodge - Ideally he is self replacing, and whilst he has no icons, killing him off to a Combat struggle only to rise from the grave with Rite of the Silver Key to get even more friends can get frustrating.
Sarah Van Shaw - A recent addition due to the AP for her being one of my newest purchases, she combines with Josef by rewarding all of the Lodge characters with extra icons due to a ritual simply being under my control. If a Yithian Scout or Silver Key'd character enters play in the story phase (or even one from my opponent), she can turn into a truly skilful beast!
B. Ramsdale Brown - Or BRB, is the final of the 3 cost heavy hitters, who can stand one on one with many M.U. characters with his Investigation, but his main job is to get me anything from my discard pile. Further ways to get cards back, with no additional cost beyond what I was going to play anyway means he will quickly earning 2 success tokens for Fated.
Yithian Scout - Until recently they were Arcane Initiates due to their Arcane and Willpower. But after an OCTGN experience, I decided that a character who looks for more of themselves when they are discarded from play, as well as a means to come back from discard is simply too good to pass up.
Diseased Sewer Rats - The final change to the deck, as during testing we realised that there was no restricted card, and seemed wrong to not make the most of the potential. I don't own most others that could be taken (such as Initiate of Huang Hun), and the deck previously had Calling Down the Ancients, but if they had supporting but non-threatening 0 skill characters, or only characters with more skill, it would risk becoming a dead card. As a result, this made the cut.
A Single Glimpse - Whilst it isn't targeted character removal, unless they can unleash a large rush of character this will make a dent to the opponent. In addition it gets around cards such as Infirmary and the like which protect/reward destruction.
Mind Swap - A means for the deck to get around any icon weaknesses, which can cause a story that will go badly into a flawless victory. And it replaces itself with free draw, which is simply icing on the cake.
Vortex of Time - Card advantage is good in any game, but combining this with knowing what card may be drawn each turn by that player so good cards controlled by the opponent are moved to the bottom, whilst they are kept or fed to Rite of the Silver Key for this deck.
Hanyatl's 1:9 - Support destruction was an area the deck sorely lacked, and with Yithian Scout and Rite of the Silver Key the deck can time it right to ensure it can pop an unwanted support. It isn't as immediate as Shub, but better than none.
Hermetic Seal - A cheap way to provide Day, destroy (briefly) Plague Stone if it hasn't been used by the opponent yet, and boost Guardian's of Day. Plus, as they're immune to non-Night card effects, if Josef does leave play, they are immune to his passive effect. Plus, they stop Deep One Rising, Alternative Historian, etc.
Rite of the Silver Key - Mid phase character recursion for the low cost of slowly discarding the deck, for no initial resource cost beyond steadfast 3, whilst searchable with Josef and rewarding Sarah has proven it's worth to the deck. With the low curve, it only takes 1-3 turns until any character is viable to be brought back into play.
Silver Twilight Lodge - With the number of ST characters, making it where characters get cheaper, leading to a reduced need to add resources to domains from mid-game, this is the most flexible of the cards in terms of it's future.
Rite of the Silver Key - Being able to potentially remove any card controlled by the opponent from play, depending upon it's cost, whilst also combining fantastically with Vortex of Time, the main use is to remove an expensive character from a struggle. Important thing to remember is if both cards cost the same, as no card was discarded, no success token is added.

If you read through all of that, thank you!

This is built from my pool of 3x core, all deluxe boxes, Dunwich Denziens, Words of Power and Shifting Sands.

