Character (39)
3x Attaché (For the Greater Good)
3x Government Exorcist (The Spawn of the Sleeper)
3x Intelligence Agent (For the Greater Good)
3x Interrogator (For the Greater Good)
2x Lieutenant Wilson Stewart (For the Greater Good)
2x Marshall Greene (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
3x New Recruit (Initiations of the Favored)
1x Norman Blackwood, Jr. (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Officer Gibson (For the Greater Good)
1x Phoebe Kotas (Into Tartarus)
2x Pious Carabiniere (Terror in Venice)
3x Prepared Alienist (The Key and the Gate)
3x Special Agent Clarkston (Aspirations of Ascension)
2x The Company (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x The Foundation (For the Greater Good)
3x Trial Judge (The Gleaming Spiral)
1x Warrant Officer (For the Greater Good)
Support (4)
2x Beneath the Burning Sun (Secrets of Arkham)
2x San Marco Basilica (Terror in Venice)
Event (8)
3x Behind Bars (Sleep of the Dead)
1x Political Demonstration (Core Set)
3x Shotgun Blast (Core Set)
1x Torch the Joint! (Core Set)

The idea behind this deck is to use the cards introduced in the For the Greater Good deluxe expansion.

The main strategy is to be able to play the Government characters cheaply by utilising Special Agent Clarkston this will enable me to play New Recruit and Officer Gibson for free and the rest of the two cost Government characters by paying only 1 resource. Combine with Lieutenant Wilson Stewart and a strong presence of Government character on the board, I hope to play The Foundation in the mid-game.  

Trial Judge + San Marco Basilica, Government Exorcist and Behind Bars help me to control opponents from committing to stories.  I like the combo of Government Exorcist and then play Behind Bars which can significantly prevent some strong characters to defend against my attack at a story.
I am unsure whether to have Political Demonstration or Torch the Joint! so I include 1 copy of each of them to deal with Location support cards.

The weakness of this deck is the lack of Arcane icons and hopefully Attache can be played early in the mid-game. 

Despite having no-conspiracy card, I included Pious Carabiniere mainly for his icons and Willpower.