I built this deck for our January 2016 3-Faction tournament in South St. Paul, MN at Level Up Games.  A small group of us have decided to keep the fires burning through monthly tournaments. This was our first themed deck tournament, and hopefully many more will follow.  

The deck is built around 3 primary pillars.  1) Get out a few characters to act as speed bumps and slow down your opponent.  2) Mill cards off their deck at every opportunity (35 of the 53 cards have a milling component to them). 3) Get the Scouts into your discard and the Statue into play.

This deck is extremely susceptible to speed, and should probably sacrifice some of it's mill capabilities in an effort to mitigate that.  My 1 loss came to a fast MU/Khopesh deck that closed out all three stories in 2 turns when I couldn't get any of my low cost blockers out, and they were able to Khopesh the only higher cost character I was able to get into play.

Artists Colony is primarily used to dig for the Statue with the side benefit of milling a card each of my turns.  Flooded Vault is something to consider to make getting the Statue out easier.

An early Terrors in the Dark is an effective mill component, and also has a psychological effect that often slows down your opponent because they tend to try and play fewer cards, giving you more time to setup.

The real star is the 3x Yithian Scout who can often take 4-5 cards per turn when the Statue is in play.

Character (25)
1x Descendant of Eibon (The Terror of the Tides)
3x Hermetic Scholar (Secrets of Arkham)
3x Jeanne D'Ys (The Key and the Gate)
1x Long-Dead Prince (The Antediluvian Dreams)
3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
3x Sinister Clerk (Perilous Trials)
2x The Betrayer (Shadow of the Monolith)
3x Tunnel Lurker (Never Night)
3x Wentshukumishiteu (The Key and the Gate)
3x Yithian Scout R (The Key and the Gate)
Support (13)
3x Artists Colony (Kingsport Dreams)
2x Non-Euclidean Geometry (For the Greater Good)
3x Terrors in the Dark (Secrets of Arkham)
3x The Book of Black Stones (Search for the Silver Key)
2x Y'ha-nthlei Statue (Aspirations of Ascension)
Event (15)
1x A Single Path (The Horror Beneath the Surface)
3x Called to the Sea (Kingsport Dreams)
3x Curse of the Stone (The Wailer Below)
3x Mists of Lethe (The Key and the Gate)
2x Palpable Unhappiness (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
3x Ritual of Bellephar (Into Tartarus)
