Character (30)
3x Alternative Historian R (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Andrew-Chapman (The Key and the Gate)
3x Arctic Ethnologist (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Brette Wulffsen (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Dr. Carson (The Spawn of the Sleeper)
2x James "Cookie" Fredericks (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Laboratory Assistant (Core Set)
2x Lucas Tetlow (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Matthew Alexander R (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Roald Ellsworth (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Urban Trailblazer (Terror in Venice)
2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (10)
2x Cultist Journal Sketches (Screams from Within)
2x Forbidden Knowledge (That Which Consumes)
2x Pnakotic Manuscripts (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x Station Eismitte (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Ultima Thule (Seekers of Knowledge)
Event (10)
3x Daring Buju (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Expert Testimony (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Unearthing the Ancients (Core Set)
2x Unspeakable Research (Spawn of Madness)

Rush your opponent with Explorers that get better the more of them you have in play.
Apart from them, there's a few other characters that are just plain good (Alternative Historian, Lucas Tetlow, Whitton Greene) or serve as cheap fodder for insane card draw with Forbidden Knowledge.
There's a couple of tomes for Whitton Greene to choose from and a bunch of Research cards to play for cheap thanks to Overworked Graduate Student.

Save Expert Testimony and Daring Buju for surprise story wins.

> Will you use Lucas Tetlow to stealth their support cards, or is here there for his invulnerability and icons? As I'm guessing not the former due to also clashing with Arctic Ethnologists.

 

What do you think of increasing Matthew Alexander to 3, due to Forbidden Knowledge? Attach it to him, sacrifice him to draw cards, then as he left play from a card effect, put another version of him into play.

 

What about 1x Atlantis as well? Puts your Tomes back in to find with Whitton Greene, keeping the draw engine sustainable.

> Lucas Tetlow is mostly there as a threat. It's the only way I have in this deck to deal with support cards, so I'd use it if the situation warranted it. Perhaps you have a better suggestion for something to counter supports?

 

Matthew Alexander was arguably one of the best and most crucial Explorer characters in my games so far (the other being Roald Ellsworth), so including another copy might be a good idea.

 

Atlantis wasn't on my radar. I had to reread it twice to notice the second ability doesn't require the presence of a prophesy ^^ I'm not sure if I need it, though. So far I've always had plenty of card draw (sometimes to the point of being in danger of decking myself!). I might make a few changes to the tomes I've included, though.

