Character (33)
3x Alternative Historian R (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
3x Cafeteria Lady (Ancient Horrors)
3x Guardian of Dawn (Terror in Venice)
3x Knight of the Eclipse (Words of Power)
3x Meticulous Scribe (The Gleaming Spiral)
3x Overworked Graduate Student (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Professor George Angell (The Sleeper Below)
3x Research Assistant (Words of Power)
2x Sarah Van Shaw (Words of Power)
3x Theosophist (The Sleeper Below)
2x Whitton Greene (Seekers of Knowledge)
Support (14)
2x Celaeno Fragments (Written and Bound)
2x Cylinders of Kadatheron (Seekers of Knowledge)
3x Forbidden Knowledge (That Which Consumes)
2x Library of Alexandria (Written and Bound)
2x Ritual of the Construct (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
2x T'tka Halot (Written and Bound)
1x The Doorway (The Breathing Jungle)
Event (6)
3x Binding (Core Set)
3x Unearthing the Ancients (Core Set)

An idea I had recently was to see what would happen if I combined Silver Twilight with each faction in the game, and if every faction could be improved by their addition. At worst, it encourages me to look at combinations that I may not have previously.

After trying Yog-Sothoth and Cthulhu, the next on my plan is Miskatonic University. I wanted to make sure it wasn't the same ST cards used each time (though a certain core are effectively staple), but also look at what each factions offers the other. After browsing through everything, one thing jumped out at me - Both of them like Tomes.
With enough Tomes between the two, cards such as Knight of the Eclipse would allow me to make up for the lack of Terror and Combat.
In addition, I also noticed that ST actually have Faculty, which combines well with MU for the Overworked Graduate Student. Making Professor George Angell cheaper means disrupting effects that could trouble me doesn't prevent me from playing a 3 cost character the following turn.

It is currently oversized by 3, as I like having a bit of wiggle room where I can see if something needs cutting without then working out what needs to go in to get back to 50.

As is standard for my strategy section, the following is a breakdown of why I chose the following cards, as I get curious why cards are chosen in other decks, and you may feel the same looking at this deck.

CHARACTERS
Research Assistant - Cheap Investigation allows me early game pressure, and the lack of Arcane is balanced out by the ability for me to ready and draw a card when I trigger one of my Tomes.
Meticulous Scribe - Whilst he isn't Lodge, he is Faculty for the Overworked Grad Student. He was also one of my first choices after focusing on Tomes, for the additional Willpower to protect from Terror. Arcane and Investigation is never a bad pairing either.
Knight of the Eclipse - The one risk with him is Loyal, as there may be games I don't want to structure my resources to have a 3 sized ST domain. However, the Theosophist is designed to allow this to be more reliable. With a Tome, he should be able to help me stall my opponent's stories, as with 3 skill, Combat, Arcane and Investigation, he should act well as a defensive shield and an offensive character. If only he were Lodge.
Whitton Greene - A reliable way for me to get my Tomes, whilst also helping me win stories faster with the addition Investigation struggle. Plus, her Toughness +1 means if I do lose a Combat struggle, I don't lose board presence for that story (yet).
Sarah Van Shaw - Used for her passive ability, as there are 9 potential Lodge characters able to be in play at once, which isn't a tremendous amount, but does give a surge of additional icons. On a Guardian of Dawn, it makes up for the lack of Day in the deck.
Overworked Graduate Student - With 17 Faculty in the deck, plus 3 Research in the form of Unearthing the Ancients, he will pay for himself quickly.
Theosophist - Being able to make resourcing more reliable is never a bad thing for a deck using more than one faction. Plus, for those times when I don't need to use the ability, his icons are useful, gets buffed by Van Shaw, and can hold the T'tka Halot.
B. Ramsdale Brown - No deck that is using ST shouldn't have him in it. The ability to get back anything from discard pile that doesn't cost more than the character or support card I just played is amazing.
Professor George Answell - Being able to cancel ANY triggered effect, even one that doesn't target my cards, is amazing. Being able to make him cheaper with the Overworked Grad Student is fantastic, and being a solid character without returning him in the meantime means he won't sit about twiddling his thumbs until I use him.
Cafeteria Lady - I have no idea what they serve at MU, but being able to exhaust any character with Terror, even an Ancient One, is great. If they don't have any (such as mono-Syndicate/MU), then she can always be fed to Combat struggles.
Alternative Historian - I debated with restricted card to go for, but card draw and struggle manipulation was too good. In addition, she powers Ritual of the Construct, and once I see Library of Alexandria, allows me to discard Tomes without risk.
Guardian of Dawn - Another cheap Investigation character, she helps put the pressure on from the beginning of the game. Also, like the Theosophist is rewarded for Van Shaw and T'tka Halot.

EVENTS
Binding - Being able to remove all the printed icons off any character, from a core set card no less, should be something my opponent wouldn't expect. Plus, recursion from T'tka Halot means once it has been returned, my opponent will have to send in extra characters to have their icons be reliable.
Unearthing the Ancients - I couldn't have MU without card draw, and will need to get through the deck to find everything I need. Making it cheaper with the Overworked Grad Student (boy does he work hard!) is all the more reason to use it.

SUPPORT
Celaeno Fragments - A cheap Tome for the characters that look for one, that gets better as more Tomes turn up, and gives me recursion for using my Tomes? Done! Use a Forbidden Knowledge, and then get it back right away? Bargain.
Cylinders of Kadatheron - If I can't win a single Investigation struggle, my deck has bigger problems. Being able to get a Tome of an Event makes it more useful, as I may get to the point of having all the Tomes I need.
Forbidden Knowledge - Trading 2 played cards, for 4 unknown cards? Why wouldn't I? One way to deal with characters who I no longer need.
T'tka Halot - With only 5 cards this can return, initially it seems weak. However, being able to recycle Binding, or fuelling Alternative Historian means so long as 1 card is there, it gets used. The passive ability is unlikely to happen, as with draw and recursion I shouldn't have less cards in hand, although if it is close and then I use Historian up to 3 times, I may be able to suddenly get more Investigation without exhausting for stories.
Library of Alexandria - I only wanted this Library, as only 5 Tomes at most attach to characters, so the others wouldn't do much. But being able to play them from the discard pile means I have a spare hand, are cards I don't need to use BRB on, and is abusive with Forbidden Knowledge.
Ritual of the Construct - Solely powered by Alternative Historian, but once she is out, each turn I should be able to make my opponent sacrifice a character. A mean way of making them rid of 0 cost characters too, who they intend to use for other effects.
The Doorway - A means to avoid losing characters during stories, as well get back characters such as Alternative Historian where I want to draw again, or BRB when he is on 2 Fated tokens.

So, there is the deck, I hope you like it :)