    Character (28)
    2x August Lindquist (For the Greater Good)
    3x B. Ramsdale Brown (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Faceless Abductor (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Hermetic Scholar (Secrets of Arkham)
    3x Initiate of Huang Hun R (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
    3x Keeper of the Great Library (The Key and the Gate)
    2x Lord Jeffrey Farrington (The Order of the Silver Twilight)
    3x Professor Nathaniel Peaslee (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Scholar from Yith (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Scientist from Yith (The Key and the Gate)
    Support (10)
    2x Frozen Time (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Lost City of Pnakotus (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Rite of the Silver Key (The Key and the Gate)
    2x The Doorway (The Breathing Jungle)
    Event (9)
    3x Interstellar Migration R (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Mists of Lethe (The Key and the Gate)
    3x Pushed into the Beyond (Touched by the Abyss)
    Conspiracy (3)
    3x Negotium Perambulans in Tenebris (Dunwich Denizens)


A mill deck built around the dreaded and much maligned Interstellar Migration and Hermetic Scholar.

So I have a confession to make: I really love playing mill decks and other alternate win condition decks. 

New Migration came about from a conversation I had with Tom Capor about the card Speak to the Dead. I had expressed my feelings that the restriction of the card was unjust, to which Tom replied that he felt if it weren't restricted, the Y-Train of old could live again. 

With that in mind, I looked to a close relative of Speak to the Dead in Hermetic Scholar. Hermetic Scholar kills two birds in that it discards cards from both decks; your discard is (ideally) filled with Yithian subtype cards and Interstellar Migration, while you also mill some cards from the opponents deck to help offset the Limit 1 errata on Interstellar Migration.

Hermetic Scholar is returned to your hand for replay through Mists of Lethe, The Doorway, Initiate of Huang Hun (newly unrestricted), and in a pinch Lord Jeffrey Farrington. Lost City of Pnakotus and Rite of the Silver Key are also included to help fill your discard with Yithians. Early defense is covered by Negotium (use Mists of Lethe to send opponent's characters here), Faceless Abductor, Pushed into the Beyond, and Peaslee.

I think this deck is "good" but not ultimately a very competitive deck that can run roughshod over a tournament, which has led me to list it as casual. It's very dependent upon drawing into Hermetic Scholar...without it the deck just doesn't have enough firepower to hold out for very long.

Initiate of Huang is Restricted- needs replaced
