Character (29)
3x Clover Club Pit Boss (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Clover Club Torch Singer (Core Set)
2x Crooked Attorney (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Hard Case (Core Set)
1x Henry Knoll (Denizens of the Underworld)
1x Jacob Finnegan (Denizens of the Underworld)
3x Johnny V's Dame (Aspirations of Ascension)
1x Johnny Valone (Aspirations of Ascension)
2x Jon Pechon (Written and Bound)
2x Lena Di Boerio (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Naomi O'Bannion (Denizens of the Underworld)
1x O'Bannion's Inner Council (Denizens of the Underworld)
1x St. Claire (The Sleeper Below)
1x Thomas Bannano (Perilous Trials)
2x Tommy Malloy (Denizens of the Underworld)
2x Triggerman (Core Set)
1x Wheelman (Denizens of the Underworld)
Support (7)
1x Danny O'Bannion's Office (Denizens of the Underworld)
1x Dutch Courage (Core Set)
1x O'Bannion's Ledger (Words of Power)
2x Parallel Universe (The Thing from the Shore)
2x The Clover Club (Denizens of the Underworld)
Event (14)
2x Eldritch Nexus (Core Set)
2x Feint (Secrets of Arkham)
2x Forcing the Truth (Curse of the Jade Emperor)
1x Gang Warfare (Perilous Trials)
2x Hanyatl's 12:3 (Seekers of Knowledge)
2x Kidnapping 101 (Screams from Within)
3x On the Lam (Denizens of the Underworld)

This is still an experimental deck.  The idea behind this deck design is to focus on skill manipulation, reducing the opponent’s characters’ skills and increase yours.  Then leverage on cards that can be triggered from skill manipulation or can gain benefits after increasing the skills of your own character and reducing those of the opponents.
 
The strategy is to rush to attack fast by using Parallel Universe, A Cunning Ruse, and David Pan.
 
Also I wish to utilise Hanyatl’s 12:3 to put into play those characters with 3 Cost and above namely Johny Valone, O’bannion Inner Council, and Thomas Bannano when skill is value is reduced or increased.
 
 
However, there are some changes I want to make.
-1 O’Bannion Ledger ((Initially, I thought that being able to have O’Bannion’s Ledger can help remove characters with zero cost but this does not happen.  One reason is that you play this during the operational phase and as such there is no longer element of surprise.  Perhaps, one way to surprise the opponent is to play Like a Moth which is an event and immediately reduce the target character down to zero once committed to a story. Maybe, you could have a Miranda Keeper in the deck so you can gain some additional benefit from the ledger.)
 
Also, the use of attachment can be unreliable as it often faces the risk of being removed from the game by either making the attached characters insane or by destroying direct or through wound)_
 
CHANGES TO BE MADE
-1 Clover Club (I think I could just have 1 copy instead of 2 due to the card being unique)
-1 Danny O’Bannion Office(I don’t find myself getting my characters destroyed too frequently to make good use of this support card)
-1 Dutch Courage
-1 Gang Warfare (Remove Gang Warfare as Panic may be a better card but then I don’t think I will often be having Domain with more than 3 Resources)
-1 Wheelman
-1 Henry Knoll
-1 Tommy Malloy
-1 Jon Pechon
-1 Triggerman
 
 
+1 Parallel Universe
+1 Jacob Finnegan
+1 Martin Herring
+2 David Pan(I realise David Pan was not in this deck)
+2 Hatchetman
+2 A Cunning Ruse