 DARK SIDE

These Are the Droids You're Looking For (Sith/Scum)

Scum Affiliation

x2 Rogue Archaeology

x2 The Droid Revolution

x2 Automated Assassin

x2 Masterful Manipulation

x1 Heart of Cold

x1 The Hutt's Menagerie

Long story short: IG-88 is one of my favorite Star Wars characters so when the opportunity arose to make an IG-88 deck, I jumped at the chance. Sadly the OG IG pod isn't very good so it didn't make the cut, but this is a super fun deck to play with getting all 3 of your IG-88's on the board and just running amok.

Sith Mill

Sith Affiliation

x2 The Reawakening

x2 Dark Lord of the Sith

x2 Encounter at Stygeon Prime

x2 The Emperor's Web

x1 Council of the Sith

x1 The Questioning

This is arguably the meanest deck I've ever built. The core of Sith Control is there with Palp, Vader, and The Inquisitor, but the likelihood of flopping at least one of The Reawakening right away is pretty good. So not only are you holding the Force consistently, you're chucking cards into their trash every turn to limit their ability to make plays. Antinnis hitting the board makes it even more painful, letting you throw cards out of their hand as well. If you don't win by advancing the dial, you'll win by milling out your opponent.

Navy Firing Squad

Imperial Navy Affiliation

x2 The Emperor's Legion

x2 Immeasurable Power

x2 Pattern Analysis

x2 Imperial Command

x1 The General's Imperative

x1 Technological Terror

As the name implies, this is all about guns. Lots and lots of black guns that murder any attacking units. The goal is to build up as many troopers as you can and stall for Orbitals, then blow everything up really fast. Veers is there to provide troopers with that much needed 3rd gun to kill mains, and AT-ST's are good for some cheap bombs. Death Star is there for ramp and edge.

LIGHT SIDE

Give the Kid a Weapon (Smugglers and Spies)

Smugglers and Spies Affiliation

x2 No Match for a Good Blaster

x2 Asteroid Sanctuary

x2 Feigning Captivity

x2 The Last Warrior

x1 The Gardener's Secret

x1 To Arms!

Silly, but fun. Get Han, Chewie, and Zeb on the board and give them a bunch of guns. Doesn't always work but when it does it's hilarious.

All Shields, All the Time (Jedi/Rebel)

Guardians of Justice Jedi Affiliation

x2 Matter Under Mind

x1 Danger in the Wastes

x1 Desert Recruitment

x1 Ties of Blood

x1 A Deep Commitment

x2 The Defense of Yavin 4

x2 The Rebel Fleet

x1 Capital Cover

x1 Command and Control

Lots of bombs, lots of sheilds. Not the most the thematic but comboing Home One with Brainiac will never not feel amazing.

Jedi Bouncy House

Jedi Affiliation

x2 Heroes and Legends

x2 A Hero's Trial

x2 A Hero's Beginning

x2 May the Force Be With You

x1 Flight of the Crow

x1 Hero of a Thousand Devices 