Druid's Library | 3-0 AshCon 2021

Phoenixborn: Aradel Summergaard

Dice:
2x Ceremonial
2x Charm
4x Natural
2x Sympathy

Cards (30 / 30):

Ready Spells (5):
1x Summon Butterfly Monk
1x Summon Frostback Bear
1x Summon Gilder
1x Summon Mind Fog Owl
1x Summon Salamander Monk

Allies (6):
2x Fire Archer
1x Hunt Master
3x Raptor Herder

Action Spells (13):
2x Blood Chains
1x Choke
2x Exhortation
3x Fester
2x Molten Gold
2x Nature's Wrath
1x Reclaim Soul

Reaction Spells (6):
2x Crescendo
2x Redirect
2x Sympathy Pain

Created with https://ashes.live

With Lulu and Orrick not yet legal, this felt like the last snapshot of the Jericho meta, and I spent a lot of time thinking about which deck I thought had the best chance against that field. I went with this. Shoutout to two great players I love a lot- Carl Diaz and especially Phillycheaz- whose work with 4 Book Aradel saved me a lot of guesswork during the first drafts of this list.

Also, it’s called Druid's Library because it runs a bunch of books. Eh? Get it?

…anyway, here’s how it works.

SOME LIGHT READING

7 of your dice every round (and 9 in the First Five) are, usually, locked up. Here’s how you spend them.

2 on Summon Frostback Bear. What’s left to say about Bear? Eternal first pick in drafts, subject of most deckbuilding suggestions (“wouldn’t this be better with bear?” -everyone), total all-star. But the real secret sauce is how it interacts with MFO…
2 on Mind Fog Owl. Bear’s best friend, but also great for Aradel in general because of how wide she can go. Consistently being able to stick that 2 damage just by having more attackers than blockers means your opponent has to care about MFO every round, which is what you want out of a unit in 4 Book.
1 on Salamander Monk. One of my favorite units, he’s action economy and consistent board presence all in one neat green package. Because of our dice spread, he’s the book I will most often forego casting in a round if I have other tempting uses of Sympathy dice, but his reliability makes him very important for our lineup.
1 on Gilder. You might notice we haven’t mentioned Blue Jaguar, and that’s because Gilder is Aradel’s real signature card. That 3 damage combo with Water Blast is amazing.
And finally 1 on the aforementioned Water Blast. When I first started playing Ashes: Reborn and a bunch of good players insisted that this ability was so good that Aradel was totally fine even without Jaguar, I was skeptical. I’m not anymore. Water Blast will get you out of so many jams, and it forces your opponent to change how they play.
7 dice in a round on board is a lot. But what you’re getting for those dice has such consistent, strong value that it’s very hard for most decks to keep pace. This is the zen of 4 Book- being able to dependably impact the board without relying on your hand at all.

The First Five always included the 4 books during AshCon. The fifth card has a few enticing options.

Raptor Herder if I think my opponent is going wide. 2 blockers in a single action is great, and since we’re making 4 other units ourselves, there’s a lot of upside for Raptor Hatchling. Plus, Herder in the discard ASAP gives us more chances to recur it with Goat.
Fire Archer gives another body and helps kickstart the damage race, something I love in certain matchups.
Fester if I am super sure my opponent is on a Knight.
There’s one other First Five I like here- giving up Gilder book for Summon Butterfly Monk, with Hunt Master as your fifth card. I use this against burn, where Aradel’s 16 Life can be pretty scary. With this lineup you’ll have to make a choice in R1 between Water Blast and Butterfly, and which is best really depends on how scary their board is.

EYE ON THE SKY

This deck relies on smart sequencing to not lose. Making units in the right order is the difference between a bad round and a good one. For example, if your opponent has a 3 Life unit or you think they might have one in hand, it might be very important to hold off on Gilder and Water Blast until you can combo them. Similarly, making MFO and getting a little wider than they are can be valuable for forcing Meteor if they’re on that.

Meteor, coincidentally, is this deck’s biggest weakness by a mile. You can play around it to a degree, and it’s important that you do. Here are my anti-Meteor tips.

Don’t let yourself get surprised by it. If they have 2 Divine dice in their pool, constantly be wary of Meteor.
Don’t let it kill an unused FBB. Bears are your juice and they must chew on the enemy Phoenixborn’s leg at every opportunity. Make MFO and create pressure in every other way you can think of before making Bear with 2 Divine still up.
Make the trade bad by not picking on their units. If they’re gonna blow up the board, make it sting for them too.
As I said, I took this deck because I figured my matchups were favorable against the field. Meteor is the only truly devastating thing for an opponent to have, so I was betting on my podmates not slotting it. Hilariously, two of my opponents did have it, and so I’m very surprised I was able to squeak out those wins. I give the credit for this partially to my paranoia, but mostly to Exhortation.

CHAIN, CHAIN, CHAIN

Exhortation is real good. That’s probably part of why you can’t First Five it.

In all 3 of my AshCon games, it was the single card I can point to most as taking me over the edge. It was a major factor in every game, and one game would absolutely have been a loss without it, probably on the next turn. It’s just so powerful to be able to get that Bear or MFO boosted before a swing where you know they can’t be blocked.

Obviously, 8 damage to faith from both MFO and Bear getting through is the dream, and a huge part of this deck is carefully using your removal to give that play a high chance of happening. Blood Chains, Fester, Water Blast, Crescendo- these cards are here because you want to get everything that can block Bear out of the picture ASAP. Occasionally though, the correct usage will involve more humble lines, such as Exhortation on a spare Fire Archer and Salamander, or just using it to boost Bear by 1 if it puts you on lethal with Molten or something. Don’t necessarily hold out for the dream situation if things aren’t panning out

LOOKING FORWARD

A new meta is dawning, and in it, I think 4 Book changes substantially.

For starters, it’s very possible that Lulu with Emberroot Lizard takes over as the strongest option for this shell, and Aradel takes a step back from her current power level. Lulu is an incredibly strong Phoenixborn, and that 4 Spellboard gives her a ton of options. But with Aradel or without, Meteor worries me. Meteor’s stock has risen so sharply with the latest cards that I wonder if any 4 Book build can really get away with being so vulnerable to it. The days of only seeing Meteor occasionally are probably over.

For this tournament though, I’m sure glad I gave Aradel a run. I agonized for a while over what to bring before a friend pointed to the Aradel list and said “this one feels the most like you”. He was right. I had so much fun, and if you decide to give this deck a spin I hope you do too.

I can’t wait for AshCon 2022. I want to meet new podmates and have more awesome games. And I want to see if I can cook up a deck that guides me as faithfully through the next AshCon as Aradel did through this one.
