Dual Duel Aradel - Build-a-Bear

Phoenixborn: Aradel Summergaard

Dice:
2x Charm
8x Natural

Cards (30 / 30):

Ready Spells (5):
1x Summon Blue Jaguar (Aradel Summergaard)
2x Summon Butterfly Monk
1x Summon Frostback Bear
1x Summon Gilder

Allies (6):
3x Pain Shaman
3x Raptor Herder

Alteration Spells (5):
2x Inflame
3x Massive Growth

Action Spells (9):
3x Change Psyche
3x Molten Gold
3x Nature's Wrath

Reaction Spells (5):
3x Golden Veil
2x Ice Trap

Created with https://ashes.live

This is a deck in my Dual Duel series. These decks are designed for newer players to get into deckbuilding and understand how more competitive Ashes decks work while sticking to just 2 colors and straightforward lines of play.

Each deck will be laid out defining the Style I’ve built the deck in that helps point towards how to pilot it, and the Pressure Tactic the deck uses to force the game to a conclusion. I believe that all Ashes decks should be built with these two things in mind, and pilots should understand them going into a game.

Here’s a breakdown of my different Styles and Pressure Tactics  I believe that most Ashes decks can be divided into these buckets:

Styles:

Tall: Create one or two really big units and protect them until they’re ready to strike or use them to protect your Phoenixborn.

Wide: Create many small, efficient units to overwhelm your opponents battlefield and potentially attack around their blockers to hit the Phoenixborn.

Control: Focus on limiting the opponent’s options and keeping opponent’s units down either by continually destroying them with spells or unit attacks, or by continually exhausting them.

Pressure Tactics:

Bypass: Swinging past your opponent’s units to damage the Phoenixborn. This can be done by giving your units evasion so they cannot be blocked, or by destroying or exhausting all of your opponents units to allow yours to swing through.

Burn: Deal damage to the opposing Phoenixborn using spells or abilities that directly deal damage to or place wounds on a Phoenixborn.

Mill: Focus on removing cards from the opponent’s deck either by discarding them from the deck directly, forcing the opponent to draw them, or manipulating the opponents dice to make them meditate more and discard their own cards to do it. This forces the opponent into fatigue faster.

——————————————————————————-
Style: Tall / Control

Pressure: Bypass

This deck is designed to control the opponents small units with Aradel’s ability, Nature’s Wrath and Ice Trap, and ping damage through Summon Gilder, Pain Shamans, and the Natural dice power while building up a large swing past the opponents board with some combination of Frostback Bear (with its Terrifying ability giving it evasion), Blue Jaguar (whose Gaze ability can prevent bigger units from blocking Frostback Bear or something else large), Massive Growth to make the unit huge, and Inflame to force the opponent to block something little instead of something big.

Molten Gold is a good finishing blow for the deck if your Bear swings can get them down to 3 or less life, and can also function as a removal spell if needed. Change Psyche is a very flexible spell allowing you to either refresh your massive bear after it’s swung for another swing, or exhaust a big unit to get a bear past their board. Lastly, Golden Veil is a must to protect your big threats from removal.

Your first 5 should always include Summon Frostback Bear, Summon Blue Jaguar and Summon Gilder. That, plus your Water Blast ability which you should try to use each round, costs 8 dice. Your last two cards should cost 1 die each and can vary based on the matchup. Until you get used to the deck and the matchups, I’d suggest Summon Butterfly Monk and either Raptor Herder or Ice Trap. These are going to be useful nearly all of the time, and opening with a Butterfly book ensures you have it all game. Against Tristan Darkwater, Xander Heartsblood, Odette Diamondcrest and maybe Hope Everthorn, I might look at starting a Golden Veil to protect my units from their devastating unique spells. Against an expected swarm, Nature’s Wrath is helpful. Getting used to the matchups will help you make these decisions going forward. Do note that Massive Growth is a Chained card (a list of cards that, for organized play, are not allowed to be chosen in your First Five or played in Round 1. Check the Plaid Hat Games Organized Play rules for a complete list of chained cards), so don’t choose that in your First Five.
