6 book Aradel (AshCon2021)

Phoenixborn: Aradel Summergaard

Dice:
3x Illusion
2x Natural
5x Sympathy

Cards (30 / 30):

Ready Spells (8):
3x Magic Syphon
1x Summon Ancestor Spirit
1x Summon Salamander Monk
3x Summon Shadow Spirit

Allies (10):
2x Battle Seer
2x Hunt Master
3x Iron Worker
3x Raptor Herder

Alteration Spells (3):
3x Fade Away

Action Spells (7):
2x Gates Thrown Open
2x Nature's Wrath
3x Seeds of Aggression

Reaction Spells (2):
2x Crescendo

Created with https://ashes.live

First Five:

Magic Syphon (1)
Summon Ancestor Spirit (1)
Summon Salamander Monk (1)
Summon Shadow Spirit (1)
Gates Thrown Open (1 + 1 + 1 + 1)
Aradel + dice power of choice to get to 10 dice spent
Assuming Natural dice for both extra, that's 3 damage to board, 10-12 unit damage for 7 dice, and up to 2 of their dice set to basic sides.

I came up with a secondary FF that plays more defensively, but never used it in this closed deck event (and mostly wouldn't, due to the prevalence of hard removal that gets First Fived by folks):

Magic Syphon (1)
Summon Ancestor Spirit (1)
Summon Salamander Monk (1)
Battle Seer (3)
Hunt Master (3)
Water Blast brings you to 10 dice
My one loss was against a Brennen stall/burn deck; I don't feel too bad about that one, though, because I'm fairly certain I had him at lethal in round 2 if he hadn't burned me out first with a combo of Fire Archer + Brennen's Spirit Burn + Final Cry. I also misplayed my First Five slightly that game, because I hadn't adjusted to Aradel's low health yet (I'm used to playing high health Phoenixborn with a preponderance of Knights, so this was a new experience all around for me).

Key play lines:

Here are some of the big things I discovered playing this deck:

Drop your Salamander Monk book first! You need that Salamander Monk out ASAP because it's your key blocker (the only way to consistently gain access to Salamander Monk Spirit is to block with Salamander Monk, because your opponent will just let it exhaust on the attack, typically). The key weakness of this deck is that it's really slow to get going, so there's a window where your opponent can just go to town on Aradel (particularly if they're playing heavy allies). I had my best games when I dropped Salamander Monk turn 1 and then meditated to ensure I had access to Water Blast.
Ancestor Spirit's ability is something you activate in round 2+ to filter through your deck. This is a really good way to dig for things like Nature's Wrath or Seeds of Aggression, which you will likely need for self-clear round 2. Round 1 Ancestor Spirit is the unit you most want to trade into bigger threats, if possible.
Water Blast + attacking with a 2/1 is your hard removal vs. Knights. Always attack first, though! You'll often need to pressure the guard out with the first 2/1 attack, at which point it's better to save the Water Blast. An ideal sequence here is attack with Shadow Spirit to pressure the guard (and spin down a die), then next turn nail the Knight with Ancestor Spirit and Water Blast.
Seeds of Aggression combos beautifully with Hunt Master's Guide ability. This is my favorite way to clear out Salamander Monks that have become exhausted.
Round 1 you'll want to focus on efficiently clearing their battlefield. You don't often see AOE in round 1 (although watch out for Meteor or Hundred Blades!), so it's usually better to not attack until they've run out of actions (though sometimes you'll want to attack straight into things; like if they're liable to clear a 2/1 out with a ping, then it's often better to swing with it). Round 2 you'll want to aggressively swing, because at that point it's likely they'll draw into AOE. When I anticipate AOE round 2+, I try to keep a Salamander Monk standing, but otherwise I attack right away with most other stuff.
Don't forget the  dice power! One of the weaknesses of this deck is that the cost curve on the draw is not great, so it's not unusual to run into rounds where you have extra dice.  dice power can be key to ensure your opponent can't play a key reaction, or ping your units before they get a chance to attack. Getting the timing right can be tricky, of course.
On that topic, if at all possible you should wait to activate Magic Syphon until after your opponent first meditates. It's pretty typical for them to tip their hand a bit with meditation, and you can then punish them for it. Though also don't be afraid to use both dice fixes on yourself; sometimes you just need those  and  dice ready.
I was pretty happy with how this deck performed. Some things I'd change if I were running it in the future:

-1 Fade Away and +1 Nature's Wrath. I was surprised how often I wanted self-clear.
+1 Gates Thrown Open, although I'm not sure what I would swap for it. Maybe more Fade Aways, or else I could reduce the number of Iron Workers down (Iron Worker is a great idea, if you can make it stick, but I usually couldn't; even when I waited until the very end of the round, I usually either didn't have battlefield space, or else my opponent killed it immediately).
I might just flat-out swap Fade Away for To Shadows. Fade Away is too slow (in every game I tossed it to Crescendo or ended up cycling it with Ancestor Spirit), and To Shadows is still good when up against things like Rising Horde.
Getting the timing down for this deck can be a little tricky, but it's a lot of fun to play!
