Master Set Upgrade - The Mist Ginger Updated

Phoenixborn: Aradel Summergaard

Dice:
5x Illusion
5x Natural

Cards (30 / 30):

Ready Spells (9):
3x Shifting Mist
3x Summon Blue Jaguar (Aradel Summergaard)
2x Summon Butterfly Monk
1x Summon Mist Spirit

Alteration Spells (6):
3x Massive Growth
3x Reflections in the Water

Action Spells (12):
3x Mist Typhoon
3x Molten Gold
3x Out of the Mist
3x Steady Gaze

Reaction Spells (3):
3x Strange Copy

Created with https://ashes.live

This deck is part of my Master Set Upgrade, where I’ve taken only the cards in the Reborn Master Set and moved them around to try and balance out the starter decks. Players may have to share conjurations, but will never have to share cards or dice.

Aradel is about control and getting in your licks when you can, turning your little units into big threats.

Really the key card in this list is Massive Growth. You need to get good usage out of your massive units to make this deck work to its fullest, and there are a lot of control tools in this list to make that happen. Blue Jaguar can force your opponents remaining blockers to watch you go right by. Water Blast and Out of the Mist come out as side actions to clear away potential blockers. Steady Gaze can lock down a single unit for multiple rounds, and Mist Typhoon can clear out a whole slew of pesky little blockers.

You’ll need to use all of the control tools at your disposal to deal with the opponents board, hopefully leaving your massive Growthed units free to attack the Phoenixborn. If that fails, Molten Gold is here to dump on their head to finish them off.

Strange Copy is a cute little combat trick in this deck. Use it to transform a little Mist Spirit into a Butterfly Monk, all of the sudden able to unit guard and heal. Lastly, Reflections in the Water is an interesting tech card. This thing can shut down good abilities on units like Seaside Raven, Silver Snake, Blood Archer, Hammer Knight and more. Be on the lookout for good times to use this, but don’t play it when the benefit isn’t great.

Lastly, Shifting Mist helps with some of the steep costs of Molten Gold, Out of the Mist and Steady Gaze. You can always meditate for these cards, but it’s nice to have Shifting Mist available to help out.

FF  suggested opening here is Jaguar, Mist Spirit, Butterfly, Steady Gaze, Out of the Mist / Mist Typhoon. That leaves a die for Water Blast. Again, try to use your spells and ability to deal with their units, keeping yours alive to swing through. Main action Summon Mist Spirits into side action Out of the Mist can be a killer play a be sure to meditate the turn before so your dice are ready!
