Adira Tyree - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) After every time Adira Tyree attacks or is attacked without being neutralized, she gains +1 Intrigue.

Alliance - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another race with whom you have a mutual tension of 1 and no Alliance. If successful, there is a state of Alliance between your two races. You each gain +1 influence for each 5 influence your ally has. If your two races ever go to war, the state of Alliance ends and you each lose 1 influence for each 5 influence your ally has.

Armistice - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate your ambassador. If the mutual tensions of two races at war are each below 4, the war ends during the draw round.

As It Was Meant To Be - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Major Agenda". If the top card on your discard pile is a character, enhancement, group or fleet you may purge a Destiny Mark as an action to put that card into your hand. Your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark each time you initiate and win a conflict. Count each character you control with a Destiny Mark as 1 power.

Attacking Pawns - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target another player's supporting character. If you succeed by 5 or more, discard the target character. If you succeed by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.

Bester - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Psi Cop. You must draw 2 free cards (instead of 1) per turn while you control Bester. Bester cannot become an Inner Circle character.

Bio-Weapon Discovery - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target one fleet you control. If you win by 5 or more, this conflict becomes a fleet enhancement for that fleet. During each ready round, place a bio-weapon token on the fleet. The target fleet gains +1 Military for each bio-weapon token to a maximum of +5. If you lose by 5 or more, discard one supporting or non-ambassador Inner Circle character.

Black Market - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement which reduces the cost for you to play or sponsor any card by 1 for each Inner Circle character you rotate when playing the card (including the sponsor).

Blockade - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target one race with whom you have a tension of 4 or 5. If successful, reduce the influence rating of all factions of the target race to the level at which they began the turn (to a minimum of 10). Those factions cannot gain any more influence this turn, and this conflict is returned to your hand.

Border Raid - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another faction. Only the following cards can participate in this conflict: One fleet from you and your target, and leaders for those fleets. If this conflict is uncontested, the target loses 1 influence. If you win by 5 or more, gain +1 influence. Tensions between your two races increase by 1.

Carpe Diem - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Each player may only play Carpe Diem once per game. Select an event in your discard pile. Show that card to your opponents. Put that event in your hand.

Casualty Reports - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Change of Plans - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target all of your characters who are currently participants in the one conflict. Apply 2 influence per targeted character. Ready the targeted characters. The support or opposition of those characters no longer applies to the conflict. They cannot participate in the same conflict again.

Commerce Raiding - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) All Free Trade states are suspended (they are not in effect), and your faction has +1 influence rating while Commerce Raiding is in play. Any player may initiate a Military conflict with 10 automatic opposition. If this conflict is successful, discard this enhancement.

Commercial Telepaths - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Commercial Telepaths. That character gains a bonus to his Diplomacy equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.

Complete Support - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Each character of your race gains +1 Diplomacy while this conflict is being resolved. If this conflict succeeds by at least five times your unrest, alter one of your tensions to any level you desire.

Concealed Weapon - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Weapon. May not be used with any other Weapon enhancement. Target character gains a Strike Mark.

Concentrated Effort - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) You may initiate a second conflict during next turn's conflict round. This second conflict must be from a conflict card.

Condemn Deportations - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another race. If this conflict is successful, the tensions of all races toward the target race increase by 1. If any race was already at 5 tension toward the target race when this tension increase occurred, each faction of the target race loses 1 influence.

Coordinated Fire - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate two of your fleets who can participate in the same conflict. Both fleets attack a participant fleet of your choice, but the attacked fleet only damages one of your two fleets (of his choice) in return.

Covert Allies - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Cost 8. The target character gains a bonus to his Intrigue equal to half his Diplomacy (excluding any bonus from Power Posturing), rounded up. This bonus is recalculated each determine initiative step.

Crisis of Self - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Lost Aftermath".

Cynthia Torqueman - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Media character. Rotate Cynthia Torqueman to support or oppose any number of conflicts at the same time. You decide whether she supports or opposes each conflict.

Defame Ambassador - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) All of the target ambassador's abilities are halved. This effect expires at the end of the turn.

Defense in Depth - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) All of your fleets gain +2 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict. All of your locations gain +5 Military. Your influence rating is increased by 1 for each location of your race you control.

Destiny Fulfilled - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) For the rest of the turn, all your ambassador's abilities increase by +1 for each Destiny Mark he has. For an additional 5 influence, all your other characters gain +1 to eaech of their abilities for each Destiny Mark they have. For additional 5 influence (11 total) this card becomes an enhancement for your ambassador (with the bonus fixed at play).

Diplomatic Blunder - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target ready character with Diplomacy greater than 1 has his Diplomacy lowered to 1. (Bonuses applied later this turn raise the ability from the new base of 1.) This effect expires at the end of the turn. Caption: "And when I become a god I will forgive you your rudeness, Mollari, for then my capacities will be... infinite. For now, I will simply try to forget it." - Emperor Cartagia to Londo Mollari

Diplomatic Corps - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Diplomacy while this group remains rotated.

Disaffected (race) - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Multiple. Each player may only have 1 Disaffected (race) in play. While Disaffected (race) is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor (race) characters at normal (instead of double) influence cost. If you use this ability, you cannot apply other cost reduction.

Disaffected Human - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Caption: Some humans will work with any ally to bring their enemies down.

Disenchantment - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Du'Rog - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) If Du'Rog is discarded from play, you may cause 4 points of damage to any Narn character.

Early Warning - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate a character with 2 or more Vorlon Marks. Apply the Vorlon's influence as opposition to a target Intrigue conflict. The Vorlons then gain +1 influence.

Elric - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Techno-mage. Treat Elric as a Seeress. Discard Elric if the Shadow War has started. Discard Elric if you have any Shadow Marks or Vorlon Marks.

Emperor Turhan - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Centauri Emperor. Emperor Turhan cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate to alter any Centauri tension by 1.

Extended Contacts - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Intrigue while this group remains rotated.

Extreme Sanction - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target a supporting character of another faction. If successful, apply influence equal to the target character's cost. Remove the character from play. (If limited, no copy of that character can reenter play).

Finish the War - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Once per turn you may lose 1 influence to raise your tension toward the Humans by 1. If your tension toward the Humans is at 5, you may declare war conflicts against human factions and they may declare war conflicts against you.

For My People - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate and neutralize your ambassador. Your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark.

Frederick Lantz - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) If there are any conflicts in play which can raise tension that Frederick Lantz can oppose, Frederick Lantz must oppose one. You cannot pass until he has done so.

General Hague - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate General Hague as an action to add a construction token to this card. Each time you sponsor a fleet, remove all construction tokens from General Hague. Each token removed reduces the cost for you to sponsor that flee by 2 (to a minimum of 0).

Grey Council Fleet - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) You may only initiate Military conflicts that target a player with whom you are at war. This fleet may be promoted to your Inner Circle. If this fleet is then neutralized, it heals as an Inner Circle character until unneutralized and is not discarded. (This fleet is not otherwise treated as an Inner Circle character.)

Grievance - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Gunboat Diplomacy - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another race. If successful, players of that race lose 1 influence, and you gain +1 influence if you win by 5-9, or +2 influence if you win by 10 or more. If unsuccessful, exchange recipients of these effects. If one or more fleet attacks occur, Babylon 5 loses 1 influence and all players' tensions grow by 1 toward the race of the fleet that first attacked.

Harvest Souls - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Hate Crime - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another player's supporting character. For each 5 strength by which this conflict succeeds, Babylon 5 loses 1 influence. If you succeed by 10 or more, discard target supporting character.

Hidden Agent - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target your ambassador. Select another faction that participated in the conflict. Discard any Hidden Agent that faction has affecting your faction. The selected player must choose and show you his face-down conflict card before you choose your conflict each turn.

Higher Calling - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Count each 2 Destiny Marks your characters have as 1 power. Your ambassador gains +4 to each of his abilities while participating in any conflict which can result in your faction gaining a Destiny Mark. Shadow Marks and Vorlon Marks on all characters for all factions count double.

Humanitarian Aid - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a race that was the target of a won war conflict last turn. If successful, Babylon 5 gains +2 influence, and each faction of the target race gains +1 influence.

Imperialism - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains +2 Leadership. Gain +2 influence for each location you capture. Lose 2 influence if a location you control is captured. You may use captured locations as if they were your own.

In the Line of Duty - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Play when a limited supporting character was neutralized during an attack. Remove the character from play. (No copy of the character can reenter play.) (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Inevitable Interference - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Infiltrate and Exploit - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Apply 5 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. Choose one of the following goals, which will occur if successful: Gain +1 influence; Your target loses 1 influence; Choose a target ability, your ambassador will gain a permanent bonus (which can accumulate) of +1 to that ability.

Influential Lords - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) If a conflict can increase Centauri influence, rotate this group to apply +5 Diplomacy or +3 Intrigue in support of the conflict.

Ipsha Battleglobe - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Military 4.

Isolationism - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target your faction. When players not of your race sponsor characters of your race, the cost for the character increases by an amount equal to your tension toward their race. Apply influence equal to your lowest tension during the draw round, or discard this enhancement.

It Will Be His Undoing - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

John Sheridan - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) John Sheridan may replace Jeffrey Sinclair. Whenever John Sheridan gains a mark of a type he does not have, he gains an additional mark of that type. Rotate John Sheridan as an action and play a conflict card. You must apply 3 influence (in addition to any other requirements) for each prior action you have had this turn to initiate this additional conflict.

Kha'Mak - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Representative of the Kha'Ri. Cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate to reduce the cost of the next Narn character you sponsor this turn by 2. Your influence rating is increased by +1 while you control Kha'Mak.

Knowledge of Shadows - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play. Go through your deck and select 1 event card of your choice which directly modifies Military or Leadership. Show it to your opponent, then puyt it in your hand. Shuffle your deck.

Knowledge is Power - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains +2 Intrigue. Apply 7 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. If you win by 5 or more, your target must either discard an Inner Circle character, or you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence.

Kosh Naranek - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Now a Group instead character. Pictures a Vorlon Mark. Any player may, as an action, apply any amount of influence. For each 3 influence so applied, his ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark. At the end of the turn, his ambassador must purge one Vorlon Mark for each mark gained.

Lack of Subtlety - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target ready character with Intrigue greater than 1 has his Intrigue lowered to 1. (Bonuses applied later this turn raise the ability from the new base of 1.) This effect expires at the end of the turn.

Latent Telepath - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) A Non-Narn character with a Psi of 0 gains Psi 3. Cannot be played on an ambassador.

Leading the Races - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) For each Destiny Mark your ambassador has, the cost for you to sponsor any character is reduced by 1. Count each racial type (including Neutral characters and Non-Aligned) represented by a character in your Inner Circle as 1 power.

Loss of Face - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Loss of Support - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a player who has an unrest of 3 or more. If successful, the target must discard one group of your choice.

Lovell - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Religious Caste. Rotate Lovell to attack a Human character using Lovell's Intrigue. Discard Lovell when he makes this attack.

Luis Santiago - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Earth Alliance President. Luis Santiago cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate Luis Santiago to move any altered Human tension or unrest to the level at which it began the turn.

Luxuries of Homeworld - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a supporting character. The target may act as an Inner Circle character until he is neutralized. Then, the character is not discard and heals as an Inner Circle character, but once unneutralized, this enhancement must be discarded.

Maintain the Peace - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) You must have at least 20 Military in ready fleets to sponsor this agenda. Rotates as an action to initiate a Military conflict targeting one other Military conflict. If, at the beginning of resolution, this conflict has more support that its target conflict, neither conflict resolves. Each turn no Military conflict resolves, place a peace token on this agenda. Whenever a Military conflict resolves, remove all peace tokens. Count each peace token as 1 power.

Marcus Cole - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Ranger. The Human and Minbari players may sponsor Marcus Cole as if he had a 7 cost. While you control Marcus Cole, the cost for you to sponsor any Ranger group is reduced by 2.

Martyr - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Mass Drivers - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) The target fleet gains +10 Military while supporting a conflict target a location or while attacking a location. Each time this bonus is applied, all other players' tensions toward the controller of the fleet increase by 1, and Babylon 5 loses 1 influence.

Meddling with Others - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Apply 5 influence to initiate one conflict against a target race: Intrigue: if successful, the target's unrest increases by 1. Diplomacy: If successful, factions of the target race lose 1 influence. Military: If successful, the cost for all players to sponsor fleets of that race increases by 1.

Medical Assistance - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a neutralized supporting character. Treat him as an Inner Circle character until he is unneutralized.

Military Cadre - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Leadership while this group remains rotated.

Military Telepaths - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Military Telepaths. That character gains a bonus to his Military equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.

Mr. Adams - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate Mr. Adams to give one character you control +2 to any ability, if that character is participating in a conflict that can increase one player's influence while reducing another player's influence.

Na'Far - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) While ready, you may cause any Narn character who is attacked to suffer 3 less damage. Rotate Na'Far when this effect is used.

Negotiated Surrender - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Neutrality Treaty - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another race with whom you have no state of Neutrality. Characters of your two races apply double diplomacy during resolution. If successful, there is a state of Neutrality between your two races. Characters and fleets of your races cannot attack each other. Any player of your two races may cancel the state of Neutrality during any draw round.

News of Galactic Import - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) No conflicts may be played next turn. News of Galactic Import cannot be played next turn.

No Escape - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Non-Aggression Pact - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target 2 races with mutual tensions of 2 or less not in a state of Non-Aggression. If successful, there is a state of Non-Aggression between the two races, and Babylon 5 gains +1 influence. Factions of the two races cannot target each other with Military conflicts, and fleets of the two races cannot attack each other. The Non-Aggression state ends if either race's tension toward the other is at 4 or more.

Non-Aligned Support - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) There must be no Non-Aligned player and you must have a Destiny Mark to initiate this conflict. If successful, end the effect of any previous Non-Aligned Support conflict, and the League of Non-Aligned Worlds will vote as you dictate for any Babylon 5 vote if the result of the vote is a tie.

Not Meant to Be - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Reverse the printed effect text of an event played since your last chance to act. You must apply influence equal to that applied by the event's player, plus 2 influence per mark required to play the event.

Observers - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Multiple. Target another willing player when you play this group. Each aftermath played on the target faction must be approved or discarded by you. Any player may apply 5 influence when playing an aftermath to negate this effect for that aftermath.

Overworked - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target an ambassador whose Ambassador's Assistant is not in play. The controller must apply 1 influence to ready his ambassador each ready round, or he does not ready. Discard this enhancement when the Ambassador's Assistant enters play.

Paying for Sins - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Peace in Our Time - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Count ever 3 points of Babylon 5 influence as 1 power. Target a race. You may apply 10 influence plus 1 per fleet of that race in play to lower that race's tension toward one other race by 1.

Personal Enemies - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target the ambassador. The ambassador's controller must apply 1 influence to rotate his ambassador during his action.

Personal Involvement - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Power Posturing - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Cost 8. The target character gains a bonus to his Diplomacy equal to half his Intrigue (excluding any bonus from Covert Allies), rounded up. This bonus is recalculated each determine initiative step.

Prolonged Talks - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target Diplomacy conflit in play does not resolve this turn. Instead, the totals applied during resolution are noted, and it is reinstated next turn with the prior totals already applied. The initiator of the conflict may initiate an additional conflict next turn. (Participants of the original conflict are not participants of the new conflict.)

Psi Attack - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another player's non-ambassador character. The first character you rotate to support this conflict must have a Psi rating of 5 or higher. If successful, the target character is rotated if ready. You may sustain with your initial character. If you do so, the target cannot ready while you sustain.

Public Apology - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Pulling Strings - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) If target character does not have a Destiny Mark, discard this enhancement. As an action, the character's controller may rotate this enhancement and apply 2 influence to give the target character +2 Diplomacy for the rest of the turn.

Raid Shipping - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Babylon 5 loses 1 influence. Target one race toward whom you have a tension of at least 3. If successful, factions of the target race lose 1 influence. There is an additional Intrigue conflict. If you do not succeed at the Intrigue conflict, all players' tensions toward your race increase by 1.

Ranger Strike Team - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Ranger Group. While you control this group, you may rotate any of your fleets to increase Babylon 5's influence for the rest of the turn by +1 per 5 Military of the fleet. This bonus cannot contribute to raising Babylon 5's influence above 19 unless the Shadow War has begun.

Rangers Surveillance - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Ranger Group. Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to sponsor. While this group is in play, you gain +10 influence for initiative determination only.

Refugees - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Repairing the Past - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Discard one aftermath that targets a card in your faction, or that targets your faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Rescue - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Retribution - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Reverse Advances - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Discard one aftermath that targets a card in another player's faction, or that targets his faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Rivalry - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Sabotage - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a fleet controlled by another player. The fleet's Military during resolution is applied as opposition to this conflict. If successful, the fleet takes damage equal to the amount by which you succeeded.

Salvage Yard - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target one of your locations. Whenever a fleet of your race is dicarded, you may apply influence equal to its cost to place it in its owner's hand instead of the discard pile, provided the Military rating printed on the card is less than 7.

Secondary Experience - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Type is "Won Aftermath".

Secret Police - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Secret Police. That character gains a bonus to his Intrigue equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.

Seizing Advantage - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Pay 5 influence (in addition to other conflict requirements) to play a conflict card from another player's discard pile (as if it were from your hand). Each time your faction neutralizes a character with an attack and the character is discarded that same turn, your neutralizing character gains a Doom Mark and your faction (permanently) gains +1 power.

Servants of Order - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark. Purge a Vorlon Mark to go through your deck until you find the first card requiring or picturing Vorlon Marks. Place that card in your hand, then shuffle your deck. Count each 2 Vorlon Marks you have as 1 power.

Shadow Assault - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Requires three Shadow Marks to play. Target a location controlled by a player of another race. Shadows support the conflict with strength equal to Shadow influence. If successful, you may discard the location, or you may rotate one fleet to start a war against the location's owner and you capture the location.

Shadow Strike - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play. Target a fleet. Apply an amount of influence equal to the target fleet's current Military. If target fleet's current Military is not greater than current Shadow Influence, neutralize it.

Shal Mayan - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Religious Caste. Rotate Shal and apply 5 influence to ready a rotated Inner Circle character. The effect of that character's action is not cancelled. If the character participated in a conflict, he cannot participate in that same conflict.

Sleeping Z'ha'dum - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Any player may rotate Sleeping Z'ha'dum to cause the Shadows to gain +1 influence whenever a card is played which provides or requires Shadow Marks.

Sortie - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target any location. The target location may rotate may rotate to apply opposition equal to 1/5 of its Military rating to one Military conflict of your choice which targets a card in the location's faction, or its faction as a whole.

Sponsor Rebels - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target one location. Apply the location's Military divided by 5 as opposition. If successful, the location is neutralized, and takes severe damage equal to the amount by which the conflict succeeds. The location heals as an Inner Circle character until unneutralized. If you fail, your ambassador gains 2 Doom Marks.

Support of the Mighty - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your cost to sponsor any character with an ability of 6 or higher is reduced by 2. Count each of your ready characters with an ability of 6 or more as 1 power.

Strength in Adversity - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate this agenda to apply support or opposition to any conflict. The amount applied is equal to the difference between the highest player influence rating minus your influence rating. If the player with the most power has 1 to 4 more power than you do, count the difference as power.

Technological Espionage - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Targe one race. If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for you. This enhancement causes each of your races to inflict +1 damage when attacking or being attacked by fleets of the target race. You may have one Technological Espionage enhancement for each race. In addition, if you win by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.

Telepathic Scan - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another player. If successful, the target player must show you a number of random cards from his hand equal to the base Psi score of the character you first rotated to support the conflict (up to his entire hand). Select and discard one of the cards.

Test Their Mettle - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target a faction of another race. Characters of your two races apply double Diplomacy during resolution. Your target may choose (at initiation) to allow Military to support and oppose this conflict. If successful, gain +1 influence, and if you win by 5 or more your target loses 1 influence. If unsuccessful, exchange recipients of these effects.

The Opposition Rises - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Caption: As each faction rises in prominence, they acquire enemies both within and outside of their own government.

Total War - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your ambassador loses 2 Diplomacy and gains a Doom Mark, but gains +2 Leadership while you are at war. If a war conflict you initiate is contested but successful, you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence. While opposing your conflicts or attacking your fleets, all other players' fleets gain +1 Military.

Trade Pact - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target another race with whom you have a mutual tension of 3 or less and no Free Trade state. Characters of your two races apply doubule Diplomacy during resolution. If successful, there exists a state of Free Trade between your two races. While this state is in effect, factions of your two races each have +1 influence rating.

Trade Windfall - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Cost 7. Gain +1 influence if you are in a state of Free Trade with another race.

Tu'Pari - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Rotate Tu'Pari and apply 8 influence to attack any character using whichever of the target's abilities is highest (target's choice if there is a tie). Any character in the target character's faction may attack Tu'Pari in return.

Vital Interests - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Target your faction. If you initiate a war conflict, and the conflict is successful, your target loses 1 influence. Apply 5 influence during the draw round, or discard this enhancement.

Vorlon Rescue - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Requires 2 or more Vorlon Marks on the target neutralized participant Inner Circle character. The character become rotated (if ready), unneutralized with no damage. Discard any enhancement or aftermath targeting this character which can cause damage to this character.

War College - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Your cost to sponsor any character with Leadership greater than 0 is reduced by 2.

Warleader's Fleet - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) None of your Minbari fleets except the Warleader's Fleet or the Grey Council Fleet may participate in any conflict while the Warleader's Fleet is ready.

Wear and Tear - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)

Wind Swords - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Increase Minbari unrest by 1 when sponsored. The cost for you to sponsor any Minbari fleet or Minbari character with Leadership is reduced by 2.

Wounded - (changed from Premier to Deluxe) Add to the end: (Discard this aftermath after play.)
