Winter Parley 1st Place 

Soline el Gato

Approach Deck:
-------------
Castillian Caper
Íñigo Rocoso
Lorenzo de Zepeda
Maya de La Rioja
Sanjay
"Prima" Rosa
The Cat's Embargo
Shifting Tides
Shifting Blame
Proper Study

Faction Deck:
------------
1x Adaptable
2x Amour
2x Drinking Games
2x Gold or Steel
2x Improvising
2x Life in the Canals
2x Night of Drinking
2x Raise the Stakes
1x The Cat's Glass
2x Unfortunate
2x Wily
2x You Cheated!
1x Mysta
1x Ambitious
2x Come Hither
2x Comforting
2x Harpoon
2x I'm Done with You
2x Quick Reflexes
2x Relentless
2x Sabotage
2x Triage

This deck went 4-0 in swiss before winning in top cut. It beat Vodacce - Don, Eisen - Kaspar, Vodacce - Cesca and Montaigne - Angeline in swiss, followed by a Soline mirror and then the same Don deck from round 1 of swiss to win. It's designed to do a good mix of reducing your opponent's hand consistently (hence 3 approach characters with easy to trigger discard abilities and Sanjay); control the opponent (Drinking Games, Come Hither, Sanjay) and finally make duels where they can be done beneficially and carefully. It duels a lot, but it doesn't throw them out randomly. Instead, I tend to play for dominance or stacking renown, to encourage a lot of characters in one location to engage, and then pick off whoever I can. Whilst it doesn't have a lot of mobility outside of Soline's in built move, it very often threatens or achieves dominance through careful use of Ambitious or Adaptable (preferably both!). In the Parley I got lucky consistently seeing them, but I do use mainly +1 Panache plots and Proper Study to dig for them among other control pieces. Shifting tides is there to slow the game down to find those pieces before going in if possible, or just when you're (rarely) going to be outgunned on Initiative and the city deck has tasty treats you don't want your opponent to have. Changes I would make - I would probably take out Sabotage and replace with Carnaval for even more control over the city deck or slowing your opponent's econ victories. Everything else I'm mostly happy with!
