//AggroFunTheme
//Desperate Allies Affiliation - Also 4 Seeds!

Smugglers & Spies




1 Along the Gamor Run
2 Asteroid Sanctuary
2 Bait and Switch (Desperate Circumstances 272-1)
2 Desert Recruitment
2 May the Force Be With You
1 Watchers in the Wasteland

My struggles with Falcon/Jedi are well documented and never ending but that doesn't stop me from trying. The new pods have given me an opportunity to subvert the traditional archetype.

The two major problems I've noticed with Falcon/Jedi are:

1) Running double Falcon really ramps up the cost curve of your deck and it only gets worse when you're running things like Watchers and Freeholders. I'll never forget a game I had in the first Skype tourney where I mulliganed into a Falcon, Obi and Freeholders as my only units and couldn't play any of them T1. I lost so much tempo that it cost me the game and I've sworn to never let that happen again.
2) Traditionally, this archetype really wants you to run minority Smuggler and majority Jedi. But, I'd always want to see my Smuggler objectives and the only Jedi objective I'd want was MTF.

When the new affiliations came out I was all about No Questions Asked because it solved both of these problems; I'd always have 5 resources T1 and I was in a position where I only wanted 1 Jedi objective. I've linked a write-up to the deck I was theorycrafting at the bottom of this article, but long story short it struggled a lot due to a lack of tactics.

This deck addresses the aforementioned issues in the following ways:

1) Although I'm still wanting to see 2 Jedi objectives on the flop, I've finally found another solid Jedi objective in Desert Recruitment. 
2) Having 4 pods with 3-cost mains also helps to offset the high cost of the Falcon and Obi. I've always been extremely critical of the Guest Quarters because LS needs immediate tempo gain. Playing a 4-drop with a Guest Quarters just isn't acceptable for me because I want to guarantee I can drop a Falcon on T2. Although I really just need to get over that, Lak and Yoda help even out the cost curve.
3) Sans the Falcon and Marauder, every main has a tactic.
4) Also, the affiliation helps with the fact that Lak and Dice aren't elite. Refresh affiliations are seriously really hard to deal with. 

With those issues solved, the deck plays pretty similar to the established archetype. There's gobs of black bombs and 4 Seeds is just disgusting. There's also really high edge and 2 Twists.

Both Lak and Dice also have some weird combat tricks but I can't comment on those at all until I actually start playing with them. I personally don't see myself getting much use out of Bait and Switch though. 

There's some serious thematic synergy going on here and that's always a plus. Lak and Dice are lovers. Obi brings a pair of Wolfmen so Lak doesn't feel alone and every pod in this deck contains characters that aren't looked upon highly by the Empire. 

Two issues present themselves to me with this deck:

1) You'll draw into 3 Smuggler objectives and 1 Jedi objective on the flop 25% of the time. That can make resource matching a burden. Luckily, I don't see myself playing more than 1 Jedi pod a turn and Necessary Alliances provides Influence.
2) Although I consider this an aggro deck, there's a serious lack of two-bomb units. To fix this, I'd probably drop Lak for either Zeb or Freeholders. Although that kills the theme, it still makes for a great Tier-1 deck. Another option would be just to run Luke, but honestly I'm loving the freedom of not having to play with him for once and I'd rather start out with Dice than him.

Hope you enjoy the deck!

