Fun
I didn't have a good name for this one.

Jedi




2 A Hero's Trial
2 Haunting the Empire
2 May the Force Be With You
2 Planning the Attack (Galactic Ambitions 225-1)
2 Shield Generator Assault

I haven't gotten as much success as I've wanted with Falcon/Jedi in the past and my difficulties with that archetype made me really excited for Hera. Haunting the Empire is just such a utility pod. Three great units, a 1/1 and a 5/2 objective. The 1/1 is especially appealing to me because that allows me to explore Rebel/Jedi builds. 

If you look at most Falcon/Jedi decks, it'll be 4 Smug and 6 Jedi objectives. The only two resources you can guarantee to come from the Jedi pods are the Dagobah Training Grounds from MTF. So it's up to the Smug pods to get resources and that's not really hard when you have the Falcon, Zeb and Gamor. For Rebels though it's another story. There's Dodonna, but a lot of the other Rebel pods with resources lack offense in my opinion. Hera doesn't.

If you're going to forgo the Falcon though you need a great Rebel pod to help counter the loss of offense. And that's where Endor Han comes in. But Endor Han is a very hard pod to build around in my opinion. If you want to put him and Luke together, the rest of your pods need to have resources and there are Endor pods such as Leia and Bren that come with them, but they're 2/1s and in my experience they end up being tempo killers. But there's four 1/1s in the deck. The War Room is a tempo killer, but it's got two pips for edge and has the potential to provide some pretty excellent delayed gratification. If you have Haunting the Empire out it won't cost you tempo either.

All the negativity aside, let's talk about what makes this deck great. There's plenty of double strike with Luke and Han. Also, I'm not too terribly fond of either of their objectives but the presence of Han means that they have significance with their Endor trait. It may seem like I'm including Haunting the Empire just for the resource, but the Ghost and Hera are great units for their cost. The Phantom also has plenty of Rebel units to save. Jan's an equally big hitter and there's plenty of Leaders in this deck to make Dodonna's chuds have some added value. You also get two Twists and high edge, nothing to complain about there. I also find that the objective flops are pretty much always going to be fantastic.  

Is this better than Falcon/Jedi? Probably not, but it's a fresh style of play and in my opinion, it's still Tier-1.

Just an update: I don't have BTS Luke in this deck so I've switched it with Mission Luke and I've won a few games with it.

 

1) Mission Luke is really interesting. I still have not found myself playing the events or the mission though and they've ended up as dead cards. But, Luke is an ugly main to go against and the objective is really nasty (although I don't want to turn it off with the Pathfinder). Another option is Endor Leia. You get more resources and Ties of Blood/Leia make your opponent do stupid things. 

 

2) It's great to play with Han in a Tier-1ish deck. Can't express that enough.

 

3) I really thought that the Leader synergy would mean that the Tacticians would have some value. Nope. Haven't played them at all. If you imagine that they're dead cards, the 3 units in Han's and Hera's pods help balance out the lack of units in Mission Luke and Dodonna's pod. 

 

4) Even though I'm not using the Tacticians, I still stand by Dodonna's pod as a 2-of. Dodonna is great, the 2-Twists are well needed (especially if you're not running the Falcon...you need to replace them somehow) and the resource is fantastic. Being able to drop the War Room with Haunting the Empire on the field and not lose tempo is killer. The extra card draw with Planning the Attack is nice as well. If you have that and Mission Luke's pod on the field, it really changes how your opponent attacks because he wants to turn the objectives off.

 

5) There's 6 missions in this deck but I never play any of them. That means that 4 of the missions are duds (Hera's has 2 pips though, yay). 

 

Although I'm having issues with dead cards, I'd still recommend the deck for something that's different. I think the Spark Edition of this deck I suggested is a bit better (mostly because you can Spark the Tacticians in), but that comes at the cost of not running Endor Han. The most famous Smuggler in the Galaxy isn't easy to work with, go figure.
