Fun
Still didn't have a good name for this one.

Rebel Alliance




1 Commando Raid
1 Explosives Artist
2 Haunting the Empire (Power of the Force 252-1)
2 May the Force Be With You
2 Planning the Attack (Galactic Ambitions 225-1)
2 Spark of Rebellion

I'm still having fun messing around with Hera! 

This deck is an analog to the popular Kanan/Zeb archetype. I came up with this when Haunting the Empire was first revealed and honestly I wish that Hera would have come out first over Zeb. Zeb's a fantastic pod, but Hera opens up a lot of new pathways for Rebel decks and I just feel like that should have been enjoyed by the community first.

But anyways, this deck brings its own advantages over Smug/Jedi Spark decks, most notably in tons of tactics. Nobody really wants to pay the cost of the Rebel Tacticians, but Sparking them in is another story. They can also have the potential to do some heavy damage with all of the Leaders in the deck.

Commando Raid provides two awesome Spark targets and the ability to recur critical fate cards. Sabine's a Spark-eligible hammer who can give all of your Rebel units a black tactic. Haunting the Empire's 5/2 allows for you to play the War Room and not lose tempo. It also comes with a brutal main, an excellent Spark unit and life insurance for any of your heavy hitters. Dodonna gives you two Twists too! 

The decision to go Rebel affiliation was intentional. You'll end up playing either of the two Jedi objectives if you see them. If you were Jedi affiliation and dropped Spark, MTF and a Rebel objective, The high priority of the two Jedi objectives means that I wouldn't be worried about the Rebel objective being targeted immediately by your opponent to resource lock you. But, what I would be worried about is only being able to drop 1 Rebel unit a turn. There's a bunch of cheap Rebel chuds in this deck and you don't want to hinder your ability to build a board. Besides, nothing in Spark requires resource matching and with MTF, all you have to worry about is YYSY being a dead card if you don't have a Jedi objective out (and you could easily pay for Yoda using Kanan anyways). 

Like my previous Rebel/Jedi deck, I can't say whether this is better than any of the other Spark archetypes out there. But, it's a fresh variation and I hope you give it a try!