ControlTournament Quality
I was onto something!

Rebel Alliance




2 Haunting the Empire (Power of the Force 252-1)
2 May the Force Be With You
2 Planning the Attack (Galactic Ambitions 225-1)
2 Pushing Back the Empire (Allies of Necessity 261-1)
2 Spark of Rebellion

It all started as a thought experiment; what's the best Spark deck I can build without Zeb? What I found was the best way to do that was to forgo the Smuggler faction entirely. Little did I know that I had stumbled upon something that was actually pretty good.

This isn't a traditional Spark deck by any means. Most Kanan/Zeb and tri-color Spark decks tend to be really aggressive. This one is very control-oriented and wants to play the slow game. You build your board, bury your opponent in tactics and clench the game when you're ready.

The new Rebel-into-Jedi affiliation card isn't what I was looking for. I was really looking for it to have a 2-resource affiliation card because the one issue I've found in playing previous iterations of the deck is that it's hard to play a War Room T1 and not lose tempo. But there are a few ways around it; you can draw Haunting the Empire, you can play one of your four excellent 3-drops or you can use the new objective and do a War Room into a 3-cost Kanan.

I was originally looking to run a 5/5 split using the core of Kanan/Yoda/Hera/Dodonna and a couple of 1-ofs with SOY4 and Judder. That core doesn't need an additional focus token removed during the Refresh because every main is elite. And that being said, double Cassian is too good to ignore. His chuds are good Spark targets, sick event cancel and provide the shielding like the Guardians would in SOY4. The fate card essentially replaces the two I would have had in Judder's pod. Cassian's a very solid main; even though I won't be untapping a two-bomb Smuggler unit, there's a good chance I can give Kanan and Yoda enough guns to one-shot big threats. He's also a Leader which means Dodonna's chuds become workhorses. Finally, his Yavin 4 objective means I can take more advantage of Dodonna's card draw.

I used to lament that this deck didn't have the explosiveness of other Spark decks, but it's become very apparent that this version is a different beast entirely. It's easily the most consistent Spark deck I've played and it functions remarkably well without that objective on the board. Give it a try and tell me what you think.

