ComboExperimentalTheme
A take on the Spark decks floating all around the place

Smugglers and Spies




2 Explosives Artist
2 Haunting the Empire (Power of the Force 252-1)
2 Spark of Rebellion
1 Stand Together
1 The Gardener's Secret (Galactic Ambitions 230-1)
2 The Last Warrior (A Wretched Hive 237-1)

My idea when putting this deck together was to look at Muddervader's excellent Custom Paint Job deck: http://www.cardgamedb.com/index.php/starwars/star-wars-deck-section/_/light/custom-paint-job-r366

And find ways to make it a bit easier to pilot. I like my decks idiot-proof, or I'll never win with them.

I really liked the Momaw Nadon synergy with Zeb, making enhancements a big thing, but felt like the other deck didn't quite have enough targets for it -- or for the all-important Specter synergies. So, knowing I didn't want to cut any specters or Momaw Nadon, I cut that deck's Brainiac and Core Leia, and used the space to add another Sabine and another Ezra.

It's true that this makes the deck more focused on a smaller pool of unique units, which COULD create issues in terms of board presence, but I think the trade-off is worth it. While the deck is a little skimpier on Jedi resources, it makes up for it in Rebel influence resources to help smooth things out and make for more consistent flops. On top of that, the deck's combat icons are less edge-dependent on average, even though the deck is also a little stronger on edge battles, especially since Specter's Concentration is more likely to come down AND more likely to turn on. Adding another Improved Demolition and another Ezra also helps with triggering your additional Stolen Helmet for some card draw, on top of stripping your opponent's hand. Last but not least, having two Stand Together makes it more likely you'll see one, to help swing the Force struggle your way.

This deck's going to need some testing to see if my ideas are half as good as I think they are. I'll probably end up going back to the drawing board, but it's worth a shot.

EDIT: revised once I realized I was being an idiot by doing 2 x Ezra instead of 2 x Hera. Nobody likes Space Aladdin anyway. Ezra's pod is good, but it's not THAT good, and Hera provides strong resources, killer support, and a potent edge count.