Jedi




1 A Hero's Beginning
1 A Journey to Dagobah
2 Journey Through the Swamp
2 The Flight of the Crow
2 The Forgotten Masters (Jump to Lightspeed 166-1)
2 The Master's Domain

Combining Dagobah Creatures with Crow and Forgotten Masters (which have quite nice synergy). 
Currently unsure of the two singleton pods. There are quite a few alternate routes for the last two pods to take. Not sure which two would be optimal. Any advice is appreciated.

//
I don't personally like running 2 Crows, too many Colonists for my taste--but that's a personal preference. Since the errata you might also find that 4 Jubbas are too many, but I haven't played much with them since that change and I imagine you want 2 Size Matters Not.

 

I'd suggest a core Luke in there somewhere, just for another big threat. The Lightsaber in his set is also excellent with the Lost Masters to create cheap 2-blast units.

 

Other sets to consider include Following Fate (more ways to focus down opponents are always good in a deck like this), Ties of Blood (shielding + Leia's reaction and the event are bonkers), and the new Mysteries of the Rim set.

 

I love this deck concept. When BtS released I ran something conceptually similar to see how little blast a deck could have and still win a game by locking down the opposing board and pinging with chuds (or occasionally getting Crow nukes!) It's a good time, and might be a strong way to play against the new Navy. 

//
You might wanna swap yodas and instead add MTFBWY.  It works well with echoes and a gift from the past.  Also lets you retrieve nudj with life creates it.

 

Mystics of the rim would be a good choice.  You get the ad elite enhancements for your one-cost units that are already committed, protection for enemy tactics with the outer rim mystics, and a powerful event.

 

I agree with pantsyg that the deck needs at least one core luke if not two.  

 

I would swap yodas, add a luke and mystic, take out a crow and a journey to dagobah.  I personally prefer a second luke over the crow but thats personal preferance
