Combo
This deck relies on holding the force and waiting it out until you can alpha strike with the entire Rebel Fleet!

Rebel Alliance




1 A Legend Begins
2 Capital Cover
2 Command and Control
2 Green Squadron Deployment
1 Solidarity of Spirit (The Forest Moon 197-1)
2 Turning the Tide (So Be It 201-1)

The Rebel Alliance Fleet attempted to avoid confrontation as much as possible, biding their time and performing hit-and-run raids against the Empire, slowly building up support and material until the inevitable confrontation, a Final Battle, you might say.

This deck utilizes the same strategy. The goal is to hold the force and keep the dial slowly ticking up while you assemble the pieces to your combo and plink one of the Dark Side objectives to death, with the occasional hit-and-run raid to keep the dark-side guessing. With that in mind, Green Squadron Deployment is your best friend. It can allow you to hold the Force even against the Sith, so if it is offered, you must take it. Two might be over-kill, but take it anyway. Any other objectives are merely window dressing, and banishing one of your Green Squadron Deployments to the bottom of your objective deck is foolishness. Capital Cover is #2, and A Legend Begins would be great to see, so if those are other options, that's what you go with.

For mulligans, look to get resources or Defiance. Independence is a strong choice, both because of her resource, capital ship discount, and shielding. Plus, with Green Squadron Deployment out, she's got 4 force icons to hold the force if necessary. I will often commit her early and not use her resource, as that discount is tremendous. Admiral Ackbar isn't a bad keep, as he provides 3 elite force icons, a resource, and is a key piece to your combo. However, unless you have other resources, he's OK to toss back as well. You should have time to fish for him later.

Commit your capital ships to the Force early, and just sit back, defending only if necessary, or you can see a big advantage to be gained using your MC40a's and their tactics. It is also a good idea to occasionally sacrifice a unit so you can dump your hand to keep digging for the combo pieces and build a good edge hand. The #1 choice to commit to the force is the Defiance. Her 3 icons, (6 with Green Squadron Deployment,) elite status and awesome ability to mess with your opponent's battle math make her the best defender in your deck by far.

The goal is to get out your combo of The Final Battle with Admiral Ackbar and a battle fleet. You can fish for The Final Battle using Ackbar's Orders, so in essence you have 4 copies of The Final Battle in your command deck. You don't even really need Ackbar, but he is excellent insurance and can get you the win a turn or two earlier if he's out. 

Be patient. You don't have to defend every attack from the Dark Side, or even make attacks yourself early on unless given an obvious opening. The Sith can make it a little difficult, particularly if you haven't flopped Green Squadron Deployment, but the game is winnable with your ability to find tactics from Resupply Depot. You may not get the plink damage as often, but that's not the ultimate goal. Slowing the clock and building up blast damage is the goal. The Final Battle then allows you to take out two objectives, and the third is easy overkill after that.

The games can be slow, but they are quite satisfying. Enjoy sending the Rebel Fleet out to decimate the Dark Side!