Combo
Who's flying this thing?

Smugglers and Spies




2 Across the Anoat Sector
1 Along the Gamor Run
2 Beyond the Rim (Redemption and Return 214-1)
2 Breaking the Blockade (Chain of Command 162-1)
2 Resistance and Rebellion (Meditation and Mastery 243-1)
1 That Bucket o' Bolts

We're living in an era in which the Dark Side holds a pretty significant advantage. The Sith can still oppressively control characters, and the Navy, thanks to the advent of the Opposition Cycle, has tools to limit the power of the Rebel Fleet. With this in mind, I turned to the pilots and transports of the galaxy's Smugglers and Spies to try to find a solution.

The deck runs Sleuth Scouts as the primary weapon, using the pilots and objectives to bump up the power they bring. Across the Anoat sector makes them hit objectives harder, Breaking the Blockade let's them swing twice with a pilot (of which there are several), and Resistance and Rebellion helps them live longer. 

The deck is loaded with resources, and can be played as a fairly typical piloted Sleuths deck, or as a blitz by spreading out the units. This is especially effective if Across the Anoat is in play, as each unit can have a blast when sent alone.

The deck isn't amazing at winning edge battles, which is a bit sad with all of the white blast icons in play. However, if you can dodge the Empire's big beaters, using Nien Numb on a Sleuth can help you lock their best defenders down and clear a path for your other smugglers to sneak by. 

The Falcon is an outstanding ship for messing with the opponent as well. Being able to leave an engagement and force an opponent to focus a unit without doing any damage is a big deal. It's good enough that I'm considering dropping Gamor Run in order to add another Bucket o' Bolts, which will also improve the deck's edge count.

Grand Moff Tarkin makes this deck sad, and a trooper deck can really slow it down. Proper use of Falcon and Surprising Maneuver can give you a surprise win over the troopers, but Tarkin will just have to be overwhelmed with numbers. It's theoretically possible to overwhelm him using Stay on Target and just piling pilots on ships, particularly the YT-2000, which can be a real rock-star if you've got its objective out and a pilot or two on it. 

It feels like the Light Side is going to be dependent on speed for a while. This deck tries to take advantage of that by playing a lot of cheap units, some of which can serve as defenders if necessary. Give it a run at your next game night and let me know what you think!

Suggestion: Take out one Duros smuggler for another Bucket o Bolts. Well Paid is too important
