

2 Across the Jundland Wastes
1 Endless Reserves
1 Fearsome and Foul
2 Hunters of the Jedi (Galactic Ambitions 221-1)
2 The Executor Arrives
2 The Tatooine Crash

Affiliation:
Use the "Expendable Allies" affiliation card for an additional starting resource. Getting the Executor out turn one or two is very good for business. 

Objectives: 
Prioritize Sith objectives. The only green card you have to pay for is "Utinni!" Executor's objectives obviously give you more resources. "Hunters of the Jedi" let you spam Terentateks when Tuk'atas go away. "Fearsome and Foul" lets you dig and get your Bantha. Yes, I said, "Bantha." More on that later. Having Sith objectives also allows you to focus them and bring Sith Wyrms back to hand for the edge battle. NON-Sith objectives have lesser value. "Tatooine Crash" offers greater health, and opponent deck disruption. You may also get to pay for Utinnit and capture your opponent's first played resource and give him an empty turn. Either that or grab Luke's lightsaber before things get really bad. "Endless Reserves" is fairly useless in this deck. You'll be playing almost all your events for their text, not their pips. "Across the Jundland Wastes" is best when played double against a character deck. It does not care about your creatures, the Executor/Sandcrawler, or your bouncing scavengers and sacrificial ISB Liaisons. 

Units:
The Executor is your biggest engine. Obviously you can play The Executor for 4 cost (Sith Holocron + Vast Resources). With this unit out, victory comes much easier. Sacrificing to eliminate enemy units and turn off annoying objectives help to control the game. Also, this unit has almost all your blast. Use wisely to ensure one or two objectives go down. ISB Liaisons become a 1 cost feint/bomb/card draw with Executor out. The Bantha is your second engine. With 12 scavenger units bouncing around, you will be drawing "Sith Holocron" and "Gaffi Stick" over and over again into your hand. Banthas like to sit back on the force (or not). Tuskens are great en masse, especially with one wielding a Gaffi Stick. As singles, they activate the Bantha, and go in for unopposed damage, locking down enemy units. The Jawas function much the same way, but are better for triggering the Bantha as they are free. The Sandcrawler doesn't care about your creatures. If it pops, too bad for Luke, Han and the team. This unit features your only shields in the deck. "Sith Wyrms" are useful for edge throughout the game, and can be deployed late for a finish. Sometimes I deploy them to generate card draw with Dark Lair. Just one on the board will help get damage mounting on the LS objectives to speed up the finish. "Terentateks" can be played for free in two different ways (Sith Holoron + Vast Resources) and (Tuk'ata death w/"Hunters of the Jedi"). Their 4 health and shield-ignoring 3 black guns are a good counter to capitol ships and mains. Immune to force events, "Jedi Mind Trick" and "My Ally Is the Force" don't bother them. "Tuk'atas" have the same cost and icons as the Tusken Raiders, but they can be deployed with "Valley of the Dark Lords" and they activate "Dark Lair." 31 units sporting 41 black guns and 14 white tactics makes this a defensive deck. Build the wall with swarm, control the game through sacrifice damage and discard draw.

Enhancements: 
"The Sith Holocron" when cycled with Bantha/Scavengers makes it so that Sith units come out very quickly. It can be used as an antidote when no Sith objectives are out.
"Gaffi Stick" is a great 3 pip edge card early game, and can be overwhelming for edge when deployed late game. 
"Valley of the Dark Lords" is perfect for swarming the Sithspawn units. 

Events: 
// Aggression is best for Jawas and Tuk'atas, and in certain cases, the Sandcrawler. 
// "Vast Resources" is a great surprise pairing for "Aggression" as well as sneaking in a "Dark Lair." or a "Gaffi Stick."
// In any case these five events are oil to make the swarm move smoothly. "Utinni!" is very specific and will likely find the edge stack most of the time.
// "Feeding Frenzy" is a nice surprise, but also somewhat specific. 

Edge Cards: 
"Twist of Fate" is still the most powerful card in the game. Great to have two of them in this deck with very low force pip count. Because the edge battle is handled differently in this deck, (cycling edge cards such as "Sith Holocron", "Gaffi Stick", Sith Wyrms, and playing out Gaffi Sticks to give edge x = number of friendly units in engagement), the Twist can be used to greater efficacy than normal. 

Tips:
Send in edge enabled tactics unopposed often to slow down enemy units and invest in damage against LS objectives. Doing this early and often will pay off later in a big way. If you remain entirely defensive, this deck will have a much harder time winning. Remember to discard "Sith Holocron", "Gaffi Stick" and "Sith Wyrm" from your hand during draw phase if you'll be drawing them back later. Running double Jundland Wastes or double Tatooine Crash changes the gameplay for sure, but is still fun. You'll have to make the appropriate adjustments. Remember all your triggers and use units to maximum efficiency. For example, if you plan to sack the ISB Liaison on your turn, send him in for an unopposed damage first, and sack him later. Sith Wyrm dying is not a bad deal. It can be cycled into the edge hand. 