Tournament Quality
Galactic Enforcers Affiliation 


Objective (12)

2 Endor Entrapment
2 Immeasurable Power (Allies of Necessity 264-1)
2 Knives in the Night (Desperate Circumstances 273-1)
2 Might of the Empire
2 Power of the Dark Side (Galactic Ambitions 219-1)
2 There is No Conflict (Ancient Rivals 234-1)



This deck breaks the record for the highest pip count I've ever made in a deck; I used to think it was impossible to break the 100 pip mark until 12-pod affiliations became a thing. 

Starting with Sith, 12-pod seemed like a decent avenue to try Fate Vader since you're not able to maximize Sith events and/or objectives. You have a total of 10 Fate cards at your disposal to rack up the pings. The 501st and Ancient Rivals are also valuable since Jedi will always be a threat. 

I originally tried Core Palp in the place of GA since Choke/Lightning are valuable but that Web was becoming a bit of a liability; Web was only reducing the cost of Lightning which caused its 4 health to stick out like a sore thumb and the Royal Guard didn't have many relevant units to protect because I was playing with two Sith Twist pods. Switching over to GA Palp suited my playstyle a lot better. I still get a solid main, Sith Library and some form of removal while also getting what I feel is a more usable chud and a Fate card to compliment Vader.

As I previously said, in the other two Sith pod slots I was doing a couple of Twist pods. I really felt like I was only playing those for pods for the Twists and it was hampering the overall power of the deck. It didn't really take much for me to swap those out for what is quickly becoming one of my favorite Sith pods in Knives of the Night. It's a natural compliment to GA Palp and gives the deck a minor theme of Force shenanigans. I also get a way to play around the dreaded T1 Seeds and a fantastic T1 main in the Matron.

Might of the Empire and Endor Entrapment really don't need any explanation. That being said, previous experiences with this deck style though have taught me that it functions on a relatively high cost curve. Half of the mains in this deck are 5+ cost and my original idea was to rig the deck with four 2-resource objectives (in the form of x2 Might and Thrawn) to allow me to start out strong with Chimaera or Vader if need be. I've now seen that this isn't a substitute for the overall high cost-curve of the deck and this is why I fleshed out the deck with Krennic. In addition to having strong edge, it comes with a non-limited 2/1 and another fantastic main I can play T1. I'm not big on playing things like the Gladiator T1 because they only have 2 health. I may not have any edge rigging in Krennic or the Matron but units with two Tactics are nothing to scoff at and will always be appreciated when they're on the field.

So now I'm left with a deck that's got a stupidly high pip count and enough money to make it run reliability. It's definitely a defensive monster with 50 guns and almost 20 tactics. It can start out intimidating and the wall that you can build will be very tough to break. But, no deck is complete without any problems and the main ones here are:

1) No Twists. I think the decision to swap them with the Matron was a solid call but I'm still losing an incredibly vital fate card and I can't gauge rather or not the extreme edge count of this deck will make up for it or not.
2) Lack of bombs. 26 is a respectable number but the only 2-bomb units in this deck are Vader, Palp and Chimaera. 14 of the 18 black bombs in this deck are tied up in chuds such as the Gladiator, Death Trooper and Nightsister chud. In order to close out games I think it'll be essential that you're not only able to build a wall but are able to easily mobilize it to an offensive role. I've actually thought about swapping out Krennic for the now spoiled Navy pod in the upcoming forth pack. I keep a 2/1 while also gaining some aggro chuds but I lose some edge value and part of the defensive wall.