Affiliation: Imperial Navy




2 Endor Entrapment
2 Enforced Loyalty
2 Pattern Analysis (A Wretched Hive 239-1)
2 Protect the Generator
1 The Last Grand Admiral
1 The Tarkin Doctrine

Unlike the popular Fortress archetype, this Navy deck focuses on hitting hard and hitting fast and in my opinion it's a lot more fun.

Kallus is an absolute hammer and his Ion Disruptors can be used to turn mediocre Officers into formidable units. Even though Dyer may not be much, Promotion is just awful and don't underestimate the double strike capabilities of the Endor AT-ST...those vehicles are movers. Tarkin and Thrawn are tried and true, no need for further explanation. And finally, there's nothing more demoralizing for LS than bouncing back damaged with Yularen/Fist.

One thing you may notice is that there's only 1 Tarkin Doctrine in the deck. I gotta admit, not doubling up on that was a rough decision and honestly I do miss a lot of cards in the pod. But, there's a reason behind the madness:

In a traditional Fortress deck the tried-and-true objective flop is Tarkin Doctrine and Enforced Loyalty. A pretty standard LS play I've seen in response to that is to just play a unit, go straight to the force, flip it and take the damage from Enforced until you can build up a board.

That's not that great for an Officer deck. You wanna go ahead and put the pressure on them and part of that means attacking on your second turn and you don't want to attack into a defender with a large hand. If Tarkin Doctrine is not out on the field, they're much more likely to strike immediately and throw some cards in edge. That leaves them open for retribution on your next turn.

But nonetheless, I don't want to play Kallus turn one and commit him. He's an awful defender. But I also don't want to let LS strike unopposed. The ideal two units to play T1 are Tarkin and Thrawn, but what if you don't get them?

That's where Endor Entrapment comes in. I originally mentioned that the Endor AT-STs were real movers in this deck and they can only be movers if you have Endor objectives out. 

I was intially hesitant to play Entrapment because I felt that Moon Blockade is a much superior objective, but Entrapment actually has some merit in this deck with 8 vehicles that have 2 health. If you can't win edge, you can at least ensure that your vehicles are kept alive.

I'd rather not commit a Gladiator to the force T1, but they're solid in holding a line against the LS first strike and can be good for clearing an unopposed path on offense.

Also, there's more Control Rooms to fill out the resource curve, and with a rather low overall unit cost there's higher potential for immediate payoff on your next turn. And Battle of Endor isn't a dud.

My ideal objective flop is probably Enforced Loyalty, Protect the Generator and either Entrapment or Last Grand Admiral. That baits LS to attack and sets you up for major payback.

I definitely wouldn't say this deck is superior to Fortress; it requires that the pieces fall into place to really work and if LS focuses on building a board you're in major trouble. But, this deck is a ton of fun!