Affiliation: Imperial Navy




2 A Dark Time for the Rebellion
2 Defense Protocol
2 Imperial Command
2 Kuat Reinforcements
2 Lord Vader's Command

You have plenty of cheap units to put out for defense. You'll be ready for the killing blow in three turns. The "Dark Time for the Rebellion" objectives go well with the 4 imperial probe droids, easily putting damage onto objectives which activate Colonel Stark and the MTV-7s. 

The main attraction of this deck is all the various ways to surprise your opponent with bursts of blast power. The light side sees no threats, leaves inadequate defenders, and pays for it. 

Darth Vader is a walking Orbital Bombardment (which you also have). Four ways to give all your attacking units a black blast damage is impressive. Add in the heavy fires, talon rolls, and death from above, and you've got even more surprise fire power. The moorsh moraine can also be a nasty surprise. 

Here are the real numbers: Darth Vader x2 + Orbital Bombardment x2 gives you insane numbers. If you ended up attacking with only half of your total units with only half of these upgrades, you'd add 32 blast damage to your game. If only half of all the other bonuses from backstabber to talon rolls work out just one time, you'd add another 17 blast damage to your game. (This is not counting possible combinations, like orbital + death from above + talon roll). Add that 49 blast damage to 1/2 the 18 on the books, and you're looking at 58 blast damage. This deck, at half capacity would wreck with 58 blast damage. Now, let's be fair. Perhaps utilizing 1/2 your deck's optimum is too much to expect. Granted. 1/3 on average would be 38 and 1/4 would be 29. 1/4 of your deck is 13 cards. That won't take you long to cycle through and deploy. Remember that you need 20 damage for 4 objectives. That can happen, but most of the time you only need to get 15 damage through for three objectives. 

Clearly the lightside will defend and stop some of your units and some of your tactics, yet this deck that boasts 116 blast damage, will find a way through. Timing, as always, is everything. Defend for a couple of rounds and then let loose. It won't take long to get the dial spinning. 