Affiliation: Imperial Navy




1 Asteroid Pursuit
2 Endless Reserves
2 Imperial Command (Core 26-1)
1 Might of the Empire (Imperial Entanglements 179-1)
2 Technological Terror (Technological Terror 259-1)
1 The Spice Trade (New Alliances 195-1)
1 Trandoshan Terror



Do everything possible to get the Death Star on the table turn 2 and then go nuts. I haven't really thought much past that tbh. Here's how you go about getting this thing on the table:

Start off with all 2 resource objectives. This will give you 8 resources to start the game. So  you only need 4 more to get the Death Star. Vast Resources allows the Death Star to be only 11. You can also combo a Vast Resources with a resource that costs no tempo to give an effect 2 cost discount. So a typical setup could look like this:

Turn 1 play cards that generate 2 resources(Control Room, Motti, or two chuds). Turn 2 play Vast Resources to reduce next resource by 1 and play it. Vast resources to reduce Death Star by 1 and then pay 11 to get that on the table. This also works if you are able to get 3 resources on the table turn 1 and only have 1 Vast Resources turn 2.

With this deck you can actually get the Death Star on the table turn 1! Here's what that would look like:

Objectives need to be Asteroid Pursuit with two other 2 resource objectives to have 9 resources to start the game. Opening hand must contain a Death Star, 3x Vast Resources, and 2 resources(1/1 chuds). Use 2 Vast Resources to get the two resources on the table without having to focus your objectives or affiliation. Then use the 3rd Vast Resources to get the Death Star. You can do this same combo with the Chimaera Resource in place of the 3rd Vast Resources. You can also sub in a Control Room in place of one of the chuds provided that the one chud you keep is the motti chud. That way you can use the Motti Chud to play the Control Room. So a couple different days to get it done. That would be the stone cold nuts if it can be pulled off.

The Reason Motti is here as 2 over Chimaera is that Motti gives the deck a plan B should the Death Star be nowhere to be found. Orbital Bombardments is great if you can pay for it. This deck can do so. Doole and Bossk are here because I need 2 resource objectives and I need neutral units.

Knowing when to double tap stuff is very important. Good rule of thumb: if you have a 5% chance or better at playing the Death Star, should you top deck it, then don't double tap anything. If there's no chance then go nuts double tapping everything. Last thing you want with a deck like this is to draw into the Death Star and not be able to play it. Just have to know when there's no chance you can play the death star the following turn.