// Get Ysanne Isard on the table ASAP and choke your opponent's hand.

Affiliation: Sith




1 Corporate Exploitation
2 Imperial Command (Core 26-1)
2 Take Them Prisoner
2 The Emperor’s Legion (Solo’s Command 187-1)
1 The Investigation (Between the Shadows 139-1)
2 The Tatooine Crash

IMO, the aggro trooper core is built around 
2 Renz, Motti, Death Star Troopers and 1 Espos

You get 7 troopers that come into play for 0 mana and Renz pumps up everyone's defense. Toss Trooper Assault and Orbital Bombardments and this decktype can make quick work of objectives. The big question is: what are you putting in the 3 open slots and what is your primary target for Prepared Ambush?

In this version the 3 splash pods are 2 Jawas and 1 Ysanne. You can search out Ysanne with Prepared Ambush and between Take Them Prisoner, Detained, and The Tatooine Crash you should be able to get good value out of her the moment she hits the table. Additionally; you'll be able to play Utinni 66% of the time to possibly choke resources with Official Inquiry helping Ysanne as well.

Jawas are nice Orbital Bombardment fodder and they actually work quite nicely with Corporate Exploitation. You generally want to be as aggressive as you can reasonably be and bank on high health objectives and hand choke from Ysanne to slow down the opponent just long enough for you to go and blow up 4 objectives. 

The general turn structure for this deck is:
Turn 1: play 4-5 units(mulligan any hand that doesn't have this potential)
Turn 2: Blow up one objective(preferably the mission) or at the very least spread 6+ damage on the table. You should also be able to put in at least 3 more guys. Only time you shouldn't be getting that many guys is if you play Orbital.....and even then you should still be able to play at least 2 Jawas/Espos/Scout Troopers/Duty Officers/ect
Turn 3: Blow up two objectives(if you popped one the previous turn) or three(if you only spread damage around)
Turn 4: Blow up enough objectives to get to 4 objective kills and win the game.

This version of the deck is slower than variants that splash in Core Tarkin, Contract Hunters, or Kallus. You're kind of reliant on getting Orbital turn 2 or 3. But getting Ysanne via the Prepared Ambush can often times times buy you a turn if you end up with a slow turn that interrupts your game plan.