Combo
Matriarch Mothma, her hired hitman, a gang of gunmen, and one very sweet ride. 

Rebel Alliance


Objective (10)

    1x Alderaan's Promise (Edge of Darkness 77-1)
    2x Commando Operations (Lure of the Dark Side 102-1)
    2x Engineering the Future (Redemption and Return 213-1)
    2x Mission Briefing (Core 9-1)
    2x Mission to Talay (Galactic Ambitions 226-1)
    1x Turning the Tide (So Be It 201-1)



This is a swarm deck. 10 units have 1, 2 or 3 resources on them. These 3-4 cost units come with a hefty rebate. Building your board with these leaders is important. What will give you the time to build this board? First of all, you have 6 free drop ins (Rebel Commandos &amp; Overworked Engineers) Not paying for part of your board speeds up the process. Second of all, you have heavy blaster emplacements along with concussion rifles and battlefield engineers to refresh them. Pinging away at your opponent's units pays off. Third, building a board means keeping units in play. What about your exhausted Mon Mothma, committed to the force, providing a discount and resources? With Blissex's set protection of exhausted units Mothma sticks around. Fourth, With so many resources you will often not have to use all your officers for resources by a certain point. They can then steal the force after you lock up some of your opponent's defenders with an attack. Slowing the dial down, lets you build that board. 

Now for the real combo: Use the "Rebel for Hire" tutor if you must, but get that A-A5 speeder tank. deploy a bunch of stuff, using your officers, play "Engineering Brilliance" if you have it and deploy more stuff with your objectives, keeping the rest for edge. Then with your last three resources, deploy the A-A5 and free up your units (Core Leia style) for the final assault. 

The A-wing and mission are normally fodder, though Ackbar with B-wings and the Tantive 4 has proven a pretty good team against the final battle. 

The inspiring presence on Mon Mothma makes MtT an elite resource, but when on Blissex, the overworked engineers are only out for one turn. 

I don't put Alderaan's promise out, but the artist is great for the edge battle and the force struggle. Blissex + Diplomatic presence will give you some control over incoming fire.

Should A-A5 and Engineering Brilliance never show, 34 rebel resources and the many other bonus interactions you'll discover will ensure this deck has a good run. 
