// AggroTournament Quality
// Creatures make holes. Vehicles drop bombs. 

Jedi


Objective (10)

    1x A Hero's Resolve (Escape from Hoth 64-1)
    1x A Journey to Dagobah (Core 4-1)
    2x Journey Through the Swamp (Between the Shadows 130-1)
    2x Running the Canyon (Technological Terror 256-1)
    1x The Flight of the Crow (Knowledge and Defense 107-1)
    2x The Master’s Domain (Between the Shadows 128-1)
    1x The Secret at Shantipole (Attack Run 156-1)



The DS dial rarely gets to 5 when I play this deck. I know it is not current meta. Everyone is playing new affiliation cards and the newer objective sets. I like all those too. This deck, however gets me consistent results... I don't lose. 

Obviously Jubba birds and spiders can make windows for your vehicles to get through. Yoda and his hut keep the force while sending in the vehicles. The plethora of events and high resource count make this deck hard to anticipate. Now for the details. 

Master's Domain, Secret of Shantipole and Journey to Dagobah all offer great resources, but I often will use Journey through the Swamp for even more resource ramp by putting in the Tauntan for free. I usually mulligan any hand that does not have a lot I can deploy for a very fast first turn. Average card cost is exceptionally low, so rushing your opponent is the norm.

Using the creatures, events and Yoda's tactics, shut down or lock down the enemy so that Red 5, Crow, Blue 9 and the speeders get through. Then, use Size matters Not to double strike with the big guns. 

Remember to use you events regularly, pacing them when you have Luke's Landspeeder out. I want to do a direct objective damage once each turn (keeping force means 3 damage per round). Think about the best way to use your creatures. Jubba Birds can give you great edge. After the edge battle play Life Creates it to put all your creatures back into play, sac a Jubba bird and shut down one of your opposing units' guns or tactics. There are many resourceful combos in this deck. 

What I like most about this deck is its resiliency against dark side archetypes. Few tournament participants are planning to fight against a creature/vehicle combo.  Anyway... give it a try. It is a lot of fun. 

